
--- PAGE 1 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED 
Plot No.1, Maruti Udyog Joint Venture Complex, Gurugram-122015 (Haryana) India 
Phones : +91-9643339870-74                                              E-mail: seats@bharatseats.net 
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540              
 
      WEBSITE: www.bharatseats.com 
 
Regd.Office:1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070 
Phone: 09810808631                                                                      
June 25, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 523229 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: BHARATSE 
 
Sub: Notice for 39th Annual General Meeting (AGM) along with Annual Report for the 
Financial Year 2025 - 2026 cut-off date/record date and e-voting dates 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 and 42 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (i.e. LODR Regulations), read with Schedule III and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, please find enclosed the Notice for the 
39th Annual General Meeting  scheduled to be held on Friday, July 24, 2026, at 11 a.m. 
through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) along with Annual 
Report for the Financial Year 2025 - 2026, which is sent to shareholders. The same is also 
available on the website of the Company www.bharatseats.com. 
 
The schedule of different events is as follows: 
Event 
Date with Time 
Cut-off date for e-voting/record date for 
dividend 
17thJuly, 2026 
Remote E-voting start date 
21st July, 2026 from 09:00 A.M. 
Remote E-voting end date 
23rd July, 2026 to 05:00 P.M. 
Annual General Meeting, (along with e-
voting) 
24th July, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Bharat Seats Limited 
 
 
Ritu Bakshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F3401 
Encl: a/a 
RITU BAKSHI
Digitally signed by RITU 
BAKSHI 
Date: 2026.06.25 15:21:46 
+05'30'

--- PAGE 2 ---
39 
TH
ANNUAL REPORT
2025-2026
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED

--- PAGE 3 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
1
Corporate Information
Board of Directors	
1.	
Mr. Rohit Relan	
Chairman and Managing Director (DIN: 00257572) 
	
2.	
Mr. Makoto Kunieda	
Director-Nominee-Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan (DIN: 10260765)
	
3.	
Mr. Raman Venkat Challa	
Director-Nominee-Maruti Suzuki India Limited (DIN: 07093663)
	
4.	
Ms. Nisha Malhotra	
Independent Director (DIN: 09428727)
	
5.	
Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya	
Independent Director (DIN: 10449854)
	
6.	
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari	
Independent Director (DIN: 00649505)
	
7.	
Ms. Vanita Chhabra	
Independent Director (DIN: 02161276)
	
8.	
Mr. Sarthak Behuria	
Independent Director (DIN: 03290288)
	
9.	
Mr. Rishabh Relan	
Whole Time Director (DIN: 07726444)
	
10.	 Mr. Rajiv Arora	
Whole Time Director and CEO (DIN: 07976398)
Corporate Identity Number	
	
	
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540
Bankers	
	
	
HDFC Bank Ltd.
	
	
	
ICICI Bank Ltd.
Registered Office	
	
	
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, 
	
	
	
New Delhi-110070.
Works	
	
	
Plant 1
	
	
	
Plot No. 1, Maruti Udyog Joint Venture Complex,
	
	
	
Gurugram - 122 015 (Haryana)
	
	
	
Plant 2
	
	
	
Plot No. Musttil No. 226, Kila No. 7/1,
	
	
	
Village Bhorakalan, Tehsil - Farukhnagar,
	
	
	
Gurugram (Haryana)
	
	
	
Plant 3
	
	
	
Plot No. 26, Sector-3A,
	
	
	
Maruti Supplier Park, IMT, Manesar, Gurugram(Haryana)
	
	
	
Plant 4
	
	
	
New Survey/ Block No.30 (Old Revenue Survey no. 403/9)
	
	
	
Moje Naviyani, Taluka Dasada, Distt. Surenderanagar,
	
	
	
Part of Nihon Industrial Park, Gujarat
	
	
	
Plant 5
	
	
	
Plot No. 17, Block No. 334, 335, Old 158, 293, TPS No. 1D,
	
	
	
F.P. No. 166+167, Hansalpur, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
	
	
	
Plant 6
	
	
	
Internal No. 1, Plot No. 831, HSIDC Industrial Township,
	
	
	
Kharkhauda, Sonepat, Haryana.
Auditors	
	
	
M/s S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
	
	
	
Chartered Accountants
	
	
	
Gurugram
Listed at	
	
	
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Chief Financial Officer	
	
	
Mr. Vinod Kumar
Company Secretary And Compliance Officer	
Ms. Ritu Bakshi
Registrar And Share Transfer Agent	 	
	
Alankit Assignments Limited
	
	
	
4E/2, Alankit House, Jhandewalan Extension,
	
	
	
New Delhi - 110 055
E-Mail and Website	
	
	
Investor_relations@bharatseats.net, www.bharatseats.com
C O N T E N T S
Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 02 - 20
Board’s Report  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21 - 42
Management Discussion & Analysis  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43 - 46
Report on Corporate Governance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47 - 69
Auditors’ Report  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70 - 80
Balance Sheet  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
Statement of Profit & Loss Account  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
Cash Flow Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
Statement of Changes In Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
Notes to the Financial Statements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85 - 140

--- PAGE 4 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
2
NOTICE is hereby given that the Thirty Ninth Annual General Meeting of the members of BHARAT SEATS 
LIMITED will be held on Friday, July 24, 2026 at 11 a.m. through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Video 
means (OAVM) to transact the following businesses. The deemed venue of the meeting shall be the Registered 
Office of the Company at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi - 110070.
Ordinary Business:
1.	
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st 
March, 2026, together with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon and in this regard, to give 
assent or dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
	
“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 
together with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon be and are hereby received, considered 
and adopted.”
2.	
To declare dividend on equity shares for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and in this regard, to give assent 
or dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
	
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, dividend for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026, at the rate of Rs. 1.50/- per Equity Share of Rs. 2/- each on the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company be and is hereby declared to be paid to the members of the Company.”
3.	
To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Raman Venkat Challa (DIN: 07093663) who retires by rotation at this meeting 
as a Director and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment and in this regard, to give assent or dissent to the 
following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
	
“RESOLVED THAT Mr. Raman Venkat Challa (DIN: 07093663) who retires by rotation at this meeting and being 
eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”
Special Business:
4.	
To re-appoint Mr. Rishabh Relan (DIN:07726444) as a Whole Time Director of the Company and in this regard, to 
give assent or dissent to the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
	
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 203, Schedule V and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation 17 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof, for the time being in force(“Listing Regulations”) and in accordance with the recommendation 
made by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and by the Board, consent be and is hereby accorded for 
re-appointment of Mr. Rishabh Relan (DIN: 07726444) as a Whole Time Director for a period of three years with 
effect from 4th February, 2027 to 3rd February, 2030 on the following terms and conditions : 
A.	 Tenure: Three years i.e. from 4th February, 2027 to 3rd February, 2030 
B.	 Remuneration: 
1.	
Basic Salary: Rs.10,00,000 p.m. with a provision of annual increment of 10% per annum. 
2.	
Perquisites and Allowances: Upto a maximum of 50% of Salary p.m. Additionally entitled to company car 
along with reimbursement of car running & maintenance and driver expenses. 
C.	 In addition to above, Contribution to provident fund, payment of gratuity and leave encashment will be as per 
the Company’s policy and the same will not be accounted for the purpose of value of perquisites. 
D.	 Mediclaim for self and family under floater coverage of Rs.24 lakhs.
	
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of loss or inadequacy of profit in any financial year, the Company shall 
pay to Mr. Rishabh Relan same remuneration as stated above. 
	
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized to perform and execute all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things including delegate such authority, as may be deemed necessary, proper, or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution and for the matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.”
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
(CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540)
Regd. Office: 1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
Phones: +91 9643339870-74
E-mail: seats@bharatseats.net Website: www.bharatseats.com
NOTICE

--- PAGE 5 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
3
5.	
To approve Material Related Party Transactions with Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
	
To consider and, to give assent or dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
	
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with rules made 
thereunder, Regulation 23 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the Company’s policy on 
Related Party Transaction(s), and on the basis of the approval/ recommendation of the Audit Committee and Board 
of Directors of the Company, approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of 
Directors of the Company to enter into contract(s)/arrangement(s)/Transaction(s) being carried out at arm’s length 
and in the ordinary course of business of the Company upto a limit as detailed below, with Suzuki Motorcycle India 
Private Limited, being related party within the meaning of Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2 (zb) of Listing 
Regulations for the financial year 2026-27 and in subsequent financial years, unless otherwise amended, on such 
terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may deem fit:
I.	
Sale or supply of Goods/ materials/ tools/ job charges, up to a maximum aggregate value of Rs. 1000 Crores 
in a Financial Year.
	
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized to perform and execute all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things including delegating such authority, as may be deemed necessary, proper, or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution and for the matters connected therewith or incidental thereto".
For Bharat Seats Limited
Place	 :	 Gurugram 
Date	 :	 May 6, 2026
Ritu Bakshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No.3401

--- PAGE 6 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
4
NOTES:
1.	
The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 with regard to the special business 
as set out under item no. 4 and item no.5 and the relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of Directors seeking 
appointment/ re- appointment at this Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) are annexed.
2.	
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (“MCA”) has vide its General Circular no. 03/2025 dated 
22nd September 2025, read with circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021, 
December 8, 2021, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023 and September 19, 2024 (collectively referred to 
as “MCA Circulars”) has allowed, inter-alia, conducting of AGMs through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio-Visual 
Means (“VC/ OAVM”) facility, in accordance with the requirements provided in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the MCA 
General Circular dated May 5, 2020. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) also vide its Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) has provided certain 
relaxations from compliance with certain provisions of the Listing Regulations. In compliance with these Circulars, 
provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations, the AGM of the Company is being conducted through VC/OAVM 
facility, without the physical presence of Members at a common venue. The deemed venue for the 39th AGM shall 
be the Registered office of the Company.
3.	
The record date/ cut- off date is July 17, 2026, to determine the entitlement of the shareholders to the Dividend for 
2025-26, if declared.
4.	
The Dividend on Equity Shares, as recommended by the Board of Directors, if declared at the AGM, will be 
credited/ dispatched between July 25, 2026 and August 22, 2026 to those shareholders whose names appear in the 
Register of Members on July 17, 2026. In case of shares held in dematerialised form, the dividend thereon will be 
paid to Beneficial Owners as per details furnished by the Depositories, i.e. National Securities Depository Limited 
and Central Depository Services (India) Limited as on the close of business hours on July 17, 2026. Corporate 
members are requested to send at vijayps1@alankit.com or investor_relations@bharatseats.net before e-voting/ 
attending annual general meeting, a duly certified copy of the Board Resolution authorizing their representative to 
attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, pursuant to Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013.
5.	
Members who hold shares in dematerialised form may kindly note that their Bank Account details, registered 
against their respective depository accounts, will be used by the Company for payment of dividend. The Company 
or its Registrars and Transfer Agents, Alankit Assignments Ltd. cannot act on any request received directly from the 
members holding shares in dematerialised form, for deletion of or change in such Bank Account details. Members 
who wish to change such Bank Account details are therefore requested to advise their Depository Participants 
about such change with complete details of Bank Account.
6.	
Members holding shares in physical form and desirous of either registering bank particulars or changing bank 
particulars already registered against their respective folios for payment of dividend, are requested to notify the 
Company/ Alankit Assignments Ltd. The Shareholders are informed that, SEBI vide its circular dated November 03, 
2021 (subsequently amended by circulars dated December 14, 2021, March 16, 2023 and November 17, 2023) 
mandated that the security holders (holding securities in physical form), whose folio(s) do not have PAN or Choice 
of Nomination or Contact Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature updated, 
shall be eligible for any payment including dividend, interest or redemption in respect of such folios, only through 
electronic mode. The Shareholders are requested to update their information accordingly.
7. 	 The Company has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed dividends declared up to the financial years 2017-18, 
from time to time on due dates to the Investor Education and Protection Fund( IEPF) established by the Central 
Government.
8.	
Pursuant to the provisions of the IEPF Rules, the Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed 
dividends lying with the Company as on 31st March, 2025, on the website of the IEPF Authority viz. www.iepf.gov.
in. Further, the Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed dividends lying with the Company 
as on 31st March, 2026 on the website of the Company and the same can be accessed through the link: https://
bharatseats.com/unclaimed-dividend-31-03-2020/ The Company has been sending reminders to members having 
unpaid/unclaimed dividend before transfer of such dividend(s) to IEPF.
9.	
Members are requested to note that dividends if not encashed for a period of seven years from the date of 
transfer to the Unpaid dividend account of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the IEPF. The shares in 
respect of such unclaimed dividend if not encashed for a consecutive period of 7 (seven) years are also liable to 
be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, members are requested to claim their 
dividends from the Company within the stipulated timeline.

--- PAGE 7 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
5
	
The Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (“IEPFA”) has initiated a 100-days campaign titled “Saksham 
Niveshak” with an objective to encourage shareholders to claim their unpaid/ unclaimed dividend(s), to ensure 
that the equity shares along with corporate benefits accruing on such shares, are not transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund.
	
Due dates for transfer of unclaimed/ unpaid dividends for the financial year 2018-19 and thereafter to IEPF are as
	
follows:
F. Y. Ended
Declaration Date
Due Date
March 31, 2019
September 19, 2019
October 16, 2026
March 31, 2020
September 21, 2020
October 20, 2027
March 31, 2021
September 21, 2021
October 19, 2028
March 31, 2022
June 28, 2022
July 26, 2029
March 31, 2023
July 18, 2023
August 14, 2030
March 31, 2024
July 18, 2024
August 14, 2031
March 31, 2025
July 9, 2025
August 6, 2032
10.	 Adhering to the various requirements set out in the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority(Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended, the Company has, during the financial year 2025-26, 
transferred to the IEPF Authority, all shares in respect of which dividend has remained unpaid or unclaimed for 
seven consecutive years or more as on the due date of transfer i.e. October 24, 2025. Details of shares transferred 
to the IEPF Authority are available on the website of the Company and the same can be accessed through the link: 
https://bharatseats.com/unclaimed-dividend-for-transfer-of-shares-to-iepf-account/. The said details have also 
been uploaded on the website of the IEPF Authority and the same can be accessed through the link: www.iepf.gov. 
in.
11.	 Members may note that shares as well as unclaimed dividends transferred to IEPF Authority can be claimed back 
from them. Concerned members/ investors are advised to visit the weblink: http:www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/ corporates. 
html or contact Alankit Assignments Limited for lodging claim for refund of shares and/ or dividend from the IEPF 
Authority. Members can file only one consolidated claim in a financial year as per the IEPF Rules.
12.	 Members may note that, in terms of the Listing Regulations, equity shares of the Company can only be transferred 
in dematerialised form.
13.	 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated furnishing of PAN, KYC details (i.e., Postal 
Address with Pin Code, email address, mobile number, bank account details) and nomination details by holders 
of securities. Any service requests or complaints received from the member, are not processed by RTA till the 
aforesaid details/ documents are provided to RTA. Relevant details and forms prescribed by SEBI in this regard 
are available on the website of the Company at https://bharatseats.com/investor- service-request/
14.	 To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are requested to notify any change in address or demise of any 
member, as soon as possible.
15.	 Members holding shares in electronic mode:
a.	
are requested to submit their PAN and Bank account details to their respective DPs with whom they are 
maintaining their demat accounts.
b.	
are advised to contact their respective DPs for registering the nomination.
c.	
are requested to register/ update their email address with their respective DPs for receiving all communications 
from the Company electronically.
16.	 Electronic copy of the Notice of the Thirty Ninth Annual General Meeting and Annual Report for 2025-26 is being 
sent to all the members whose email IDs are registered with the Company/Depository Participant. A letter containing 
the weblink including the exact path of Annual Report is being sent to the shareholders who have not registered 
their email id.
17.	 The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 
of the Companies Act, 2013, and all other documents referred to in the Notice will be available for inspection in 
electronic mode. Members can inspect the same by sending an email to investor_relations@ bharatseats.net.
18.	 Please note that SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Fifth Amendment) Regulations, 2015, 
notified on 18th November 2025, along with SEBI Master Circular HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 
dated 6th February 2026, as amended, mandates that any payment of dividend shall be made only through 
electronic mode to the members. Further, dividend warrants, cheques, demand drafts or any other instrument are 

--- PAGE 8 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
6
no longer required to be issued. Members whose bonus equity shares are lying in a separate Suspense Escrow 
Demat Account with the Company, may complete/ update the KYC details and claim their bonus equity shares. The 
Company strongly urges the members to register their e-mail address with the Company/ Registrar to an Issue and 
Share Transfer Agent or the Depository Participant(s).
a.	
Name of the Sole/ First joint holder and the Folio Number.
b.	
Particulars of Bank Account, viz.: Name of the Bank Name of the Branch Complete Address of the Bank 
with Pin Code Number, Account Type, whether Saving Account (SA) or Current Account (CA) Bank Account 
Number
19.	 Members are requested to send their queries, if any, on the accounts and operations of the Company to the 
Company Secretary at least 7 days before the Annual General Meeting. The Company has designated an exclusive 
e-mail ID namely, investor_relations@bharatseats.net for receiving and addressing investors’ grievances.
20.	 In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations, the Company is pleased to 
provide the facility to Members to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM by 
electronic means. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / list of Beneficial Owners as 
on the cutoff date i.e. July 17, 2026, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. Members may 
cast their votes on electronic voting system from any place other than the venue of the meeting (remote e-voting). 
The remote e-voting period will commence at 9.00 a.m. (IST) on July 21, 2026 and will end at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on 
July 23, 2026. In addition, the facility for voting through electronic voting system shall also be made available at 
the AGM and the Members who are present in the AGM through video conferencing facility and have not cast 
their vote by remote e-voting shall be eligible to vote at the AGM through e-voting system. (Refer serial no. 22 for 
detailed procedure to vote through e-voting). Members whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e- voting for the resolutions are requested to refer 
the instructions provided at serial no. 22.
21.	 The Company has appointed Mr. R.S. Bhatia, Company Secretary in Practice, (Membership Number: FCS 2599, 
CP No. 2514) and failing him, Mr. Hardev Singh, Company Secretary in Practice, (Membership Number: FCS 
6673, CP No.3317) to act as the Scrutinizer, to scrutinize the entire e-voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner.
22.	 The facility of casting the votes by the members using an electronic voting system will be provided by NSDL 
(National Securities Depository Limited) NSDL e-Voting System – For Remote e-voting and e-voting during AGM.
a.	
Physical attendance of the Members to the AGM venue is not required and general meeting be held through 
video conferencing (VC) or other audio-visual means (OAVM). Hence, Members can attend and participate in 
the ensuing AGM through VC/OAVM.
b.	
The facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM. However, 
the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM 
and participate there at and cast their votes through e-voting.
c.	
The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation 
at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This 
will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend 
the AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.
d.	
The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
e.	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect 
of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement 
with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the 
authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as venue 
voting on the date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
f.	
Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.bharatseats.com. The 
Notice can also be accessed from the website of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.

--- PAGE 9 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
7
com and The National Stock Exchange of India Limited i.e. www.nseindia.com and the AGM Notice is also 
available on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.
com .
g.	
AGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI Regulations.
I.	
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS 
UNDER:-
	
The remote e-voting period begins on July 21, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on July 23, 2026.
	
The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut- off date) i.e. July 17, 2026 
may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being July 17, 2026.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
	
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)	 Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode
	
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
	
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
 Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1.	
For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit 
DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. 
Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click 
on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting and voting during the meeting.
2.	
Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On 
the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt 
you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3.	
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/ 
IdeasDirectReg.jsp

--- PAGE 10 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
8
4.	
4.Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/ 
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5.	
Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
1.	
Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to 
login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.
com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user 
your existing my easi username & password.
2.	
After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also 
links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so 
that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3.	
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4.	
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL 
for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.

--- PAGE 11 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
9
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911
B)	 Login	
Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
	
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1.	
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting. 
nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2.	
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3.	
A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.
	
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices. 
nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in 
credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4.	
Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a)	
For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******
b)	
For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12**************
then your user ID is 12**************
c)	
For	 Members holding	shares	 in 
Physical Form
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with 
the company
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001***
5.	
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a)	
If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can use your existing password to login and cast your 
vote.
b)	
If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c)	
How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i)	
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or 
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.

--- PAGE 12 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
10
(ii)	 If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
6.	
If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a)	
Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL 
or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b)	
Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www. 
evoting.nsdl.com.
c)	
If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@ 
nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered 
address etc.
d)	
Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL.
7.	
After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8.	
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9.	
After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1.	
After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2.	
Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”.
3.	
Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.	
Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5.	
Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6.	
You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.	
Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1.	
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/ 
JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to rsbhatiacs@aol.com 
with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) 
can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2.	
It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to 
key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” 
or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3.	
In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting 
user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 
4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, DVP at evoting@nsdl.com
	
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1.	
In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of 
the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id at investor_relations@bharatseats.net/ 
vijayps1@ alankit.com

--- PAGE 13 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
11
2.	
In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to Company/RTA email id at investor_ 
relations@ bharatseats.net / vijayps1@alankit.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.	
Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4.	
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and 
email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1.	
The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting.
2.	
Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall 
be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3.	
Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not 
be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4.	
The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on 
the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.	
Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company 
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM 
will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note 
that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and 
Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid 
last minute rush.
2.	
Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3.	
Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
4.	
Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5.	
Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at investor_relations@
bharatseats.net. The same will be replied by the company suitably.
6.	
Those Shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views 
/ ask questions during the meeting.
For Bharat Seats Limited
Place	 :	 Gurugram 
Date	 :	 May 6, 2026
Ritu Bakshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No.3401

--- PAGE 14 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
12
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item No.4
Mr. Rishabh Relan (DIN: 07726444) is presently working as a Whole Time Director. His present term will expire on 3rd 
February, 2027. The Board of Directors of the Company, on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and subject to approval of the members, re-appointed Mr. Rishabh Relan as a Whole Time Director for 
another term of 3 years i.e. from 4th February, 2027 to 3rd February, 2030. Mr. Rishabh Relan has a wide experience 
in automobile industry and is presently involved in day-to-day management, with focus on operational excellence, 
further improvements and growth of Bharat Seats Limited. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 196,197, 203 and 
Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
as amended from time-to-time, members approval is sought for the re-appointment of Mr. Rishabh Relan as a Whole 
Time Director and remuneration payable to him as detailed in the proposed resolution. Members may please note that 
as per provisions of Regulation 17 (6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
if the aggregate annual remuneration payable to promoter directors exceeds 5 per cent of the net profits of the listed 
entity, then approval of the shareholders by way of Special Resolution is required. As the total remuneration payable to 
Mr. Rishabh Relan and his father Mr. Rohit Relan may exceed 5 per cent of the net profits of the company, members 
approval by way of Special Resolution is sought. The Board recommends the resolution as set out in Item No 4 for the 
approval of members by way of a Special Resolution. Members approval by way of Special Resolution is also required 
for payment of the proposed remuneration as per provisions of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, the 
resolution.
None of the Director except Mr. Rishabh Relan, himself and Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director, being 
father or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company are interested financially or otherwise in the proposed resolution.
 General Information pursuant to the provision of Schedule V of the Companies Act. 2013 is as under:
I.	
General information:
(1)	 Nature of industry 
The Company is engaged in manufacture of Seating System, moulded carpets and extruded components for Car 
market leader, Maruti Suzuki India Limited and Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited as well as seats and frames 
for Suzuki Motorcycle India Pvt. Ltd. two wheelers, at their plants at Gurugram in Haryana and at Surendranagar 
and Hansalpur in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 
(2)	 Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production 
The Company is already in production for more than forty years.
(3)	 In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial 
institutions appearing in the prospectus 
Not applicable, as the Company is an existing one.
(4)	 Financial performance based on given indicators 
The Financial performance of the Company in relation to various indicators during the years 2024-2025 and 2025- 
2026 is given hereunder:
(Rs. in lakhs)
2025-26
2024-25
Revenue from operations (Gross)
1,95,095.14
1,28,882.47
Net Profit after tax
4,223.12
3,270.03
Dividend
75%
55%
(5)	 Foreign investments or collaborations, if any. 
Financial Collaboration with M/s Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan, who holds 14.81% of the total equity of the 
Company. Technical Collaboration with M/s Toyo Seat Co. Ltd., Japan, HTT (Hayashi Telempu) and M/s Inoac 
Corporation, Japan. 
II.	
Information about Mr. Rishabh Relan, Whole time Director:
(1)	 Background details 
Mr. Rishabh Relan, aged 35 years, is presently whole-time Director since February, 2021 and is associated 
with the Company since August, 2012. Mr. Rishabh Relan did his graduation- bachelor’s in science in Industrial 
Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, U.S.A and Diploma – 6 Sigma in lean manufacturing 

--- PAGE 15 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
13
from Institute of Industrial Engineering in United States. Presently he is Director of NDR Auto Components Limited, 
an associate company. Mr. Rishabh Relan has a wide experience in automobile industry and is involved in day-
to-day management with focus on operational excellence of Bharat Seats Limited with further improvements and 
growth of the Company as his key result area. 
(2)	 Past remuneration 
The total remuneration paid to Mr. Rishabh Relan from 1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 2026 was Rs. 108.52 lakhs. 
(3)	 Recognition or awards
 None 
(4)	 Job profile and his suitability 
Mr. Rishabh Relan was re-appointed as a Whole time Director (WTD) w.e.f. 4.2.2024 for a period of three years. 
His proposed re-appointment is from 4.2.2027, for a further period of three years. His job profile includes day-
to-day management with focus on operational excellence, further improvements and growth of the Company as 
his main key area and such other duties and responsibilities as entrusted by the Board of Directors. He led the 
Total productive Maintenance (TPM) activity, and the Company won the award ‘For Excellence in Consistent TPM 
Commitment from JIPM(Japan Institute of Planned Maintenance, Japan)’. 
(5)	 Remuneration: 
1.	
Basic Salary: Rs.10,00,000 p.m. with a provision of annual increment of 10% per annum. 
2.	
Perquisites and Allowances: Upto a maximum of 50% of Salary p.m. Additionally entitled to company car along 
with reimbursement of car running & maintenance and driver expenses. 
3.	
In addition to above, Contribution to provident fund, payment of gratuity and leave encashment will be as per 
the Company’s policy and the same will not be accounted for the purpose of value of perquisites. 
4.	
Mediclaim for self and family under floater coverage of Rs.24 lakhs.
5.	
in the event of loss or inadequacy of profit in any financial year, the Company shall pay to Mr. Rishabh Relan 
same remuneration as stated above. 
(6)	 Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, profile of the position and person 
(in case of expatriates the relevant details would be with respect to the country of his origin) 
Taking into account the turnover of the Company and the responsibilities of Mr. Rishabh Relan, the remuneration 
being paid to WTD is reasonable and in line with the remuneration levels in the industry across the country and 
befits his position.
(7)	 Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship with the managerial personnel, if any.
 Except for the remuneration as WTD and his shareholding, Mr. Rishabh Relan has no other pecuniary relationship 
with the Company. Mr. Rishabh Relan is related to Mr. Rohit Relan, CMD of the Company, who is his father. 
III.	 Other information:
(I)	 Reasons of loss or inadequate profits 
	
There was increase in sales and profits, but there was inadequacy of profits due to slow ramp up of new 
programmes productionised during the year.  BSL has already received fresh projects. The benefits of new 
programmes and fresh projects  are likely to accrue in future years.
(2)	 Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement 
	
The Company has taken the following steps to improve the profitability:
a.	
Cost reduction and productivity improvement. 
b.	
Upgradation of Seat testing System of International Standard. 
(3)	 Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms 
	
With the above measures, the operating efficiencies and profits of the Company are expected to increase. 
IV.	 Disclosures The following disclosures are/ shall be mentioned in the Board of Directors’ Report under the heading 
‘Corporate Governance’, attached to the financial statement:
(i)	
All elements of remuneration package such as salary, benefits and perquisites etc. of all the directors;
(ii)	 Details of fixed component and performance linked incentives along with the performance criteria;
(iii)	 Service contracts, notice period, severance fees; 
(iv)	 Stock option details, if any, and whether the same has been issued at a discount.

--- PAGE 16 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
14
Item no. 5
In accordance with Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the Audit Committee 
and all material Related Party Transactions require approval of the shareholders through Ordinary Resolution. 
A transaction with a related party shall be considered material if the transaction/ transactions to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year exceeds the threshold provided 
under regulation 23 read with schedule XII of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 i.e. 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per 
last audited financial statements. Company formulated a policy in this regard which is available on the website of 
the Company. 
Shareholders at their Annual General Meeting held on July 9, 2025 approved the transactions with Suzuki 
Motorcycle India Private Limited upto a limit of Rs. 500 Crores per annum. As the management feels that the 
Company is likely to enter into transactions in excess of the said limit, therefore it is proposed to obtain the 
approval of the members of the Company for enhancement of the limit of above said transactions with Suzuki 
Motorcycle India Private Limited, in line with Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the Companies Act, 2013. The Audit Committee 
in its meeting held on 24th March 2026 reviewed the certificates provided by the CEO and CFO of the Company 
as required under the RPT Industry Standards. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, in their respective 
meetings held on 24th March, 2026 and 6th May, 2026, approved the enhancement of said limits of transaction 
from Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 1000 crores with Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited being carried out in ordinary 
course of business and at an arm’s length basis, and recommended to the shareholders for their approval for the 
financial year 2026–27 and in  subsequent financial years for the  following transaction(s):
DETAILS OF CONTRACT(S)/ARRANGEMENT(S)
Basic details of the related party as per Part A of Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions
S. No. 
Particulars of the information 
1
Name of the related party 
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
2
Country of incorporation of the related 
party 
India
3
Nature of business of the related party 
Automobiles
Relationship and ownership of the related party 
1
Relationship between the listed entity and 
the related party – including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) and the 
following:
The Company, being related party of Suzuki Motorcycle India 
Private Limited as defined under Ind AS 24, the transactions 
are in ordinary course of business and on arm’s length basis
Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the 
subsidiary), whether direct or indirect, in 
the related party.
NONE
Where the related party is a partnership 
firm or a sole proprietorship concern or 
a body corporate without share capital, 
then capital contribution, if any, made by 
the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
NA
Shareholding of the related party, whether 
direct or indirect, in the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction involving 
the subsidiary).
None

--- PAGE 17 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
15
Details of previous transactions with the related party 
1
Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken 
by 
the 
listed 
entity 
or 
subsidiary with the related party during the 
last financial year.
Annexure
2
Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken 
by 
the 
listed 
entity 
or 
subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter 
immediately preceding the quarter in 
which the approval is sought.
Annexure
3
Any default, if any, made by a related party 
concerning any obligation undertaken 
by it under a transaction or arrangement 
entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
None`
Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
1
Amount of the proposed transactions 
being placed for approval in the meeting of 
the Audit Committee/ shareholders.
Upto Rs. 1000 Crores
2
Whether the proposed transactions taken 
together with the transactions undertaken 
with the related party during the current 
financial year would render the proposed 
transaction a material RPT?
Yes
3
Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
consolidated turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year
51.26%
4
Value of the proposed transactions as 
a percentage of subsidiary’s annual 
standalone turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and 
where the listed entity is not a party to the 
transaction)
NA
5
Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the related party’s annual 
consolidated turnover (if consolidated 
turnover is not available, calculation to be 
made on standalone turnover of related 
party) for the immediately preceding 
financial year, if available.
 Not Available
6
Financial performance of the related party 
for the immediately preceding financial 
year:
 -
Basic details of the proposed transaction 
1
Specific type of the proposed transaction 
(e.g. sale of goods/services, purchase of 
goods/services, giving loan, borrowing 
etc.)
Sale or supply of Goods, materials, tools/ job charges
2
Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction
Sale or supply of Goods, materials, tools/ job charges

--- PAGE 18 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
16
3
Tenure of the proposed transaction 
(tenure in number of years or months to 
be specified)
Ongoing and perpetual transaction
4
Whether omnibus approval is being 
sought?
Yes
5
Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction 
will be executed over more than one 
financial year, provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise.
Estimated at Rs.1000 crores 
6
Justification as to why the RPTs proposed 
to be entered into are in the interest of the 
listed entity
The proposed related party transaction will provide/ provides 
good potential for growth.
7
Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / 
key managerial personnel of the listed 
entity who have interest in the transaction, 
whether directly or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over 
which an individual has control
None
a.
Name of the director / KMP
Not Applicable
b.
Shareholding of the director / KMP, 
whether direct or indirect, in the related 
party
Not Applicable
8
A copy of the valuation or other external 
party report, if any, shall be placed before 
the Audit Committee.
The Related party transactions will be in line with the Company’s 
Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions. These 
transactions are on arm’s length basis and in the ordinary 
course of business.
These transactions are purely operational / integral part of 
Company’s operations, given the nature of its business
As per Related Party Transactions compliance process 
adopted by the Company, this related party transaction has 
been verified by an independent third-party consultant (transfer 
pricing consultant) for compliance with arm’s length pricing 
principle and approved by the Audit Committee of the Board.
9
Other information relevant for decision 
making 
-
Details of the related party as per PART B of Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to 
the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions
1
Bidding or other process, if any, 
applied for choosing a party for 
sale, purchase or supply of goods or 
services.
Quotations are submitted by the Company based on 
Request For Quotation (RFQ). Based on RFQ and further 
discussions, business is awarded,    based on the process 
of competitive bidding with other component suppliers
2
Basis of determination of price.
Based on the process of competitive bidding
3
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 
days or such period for which such 
advances are extended as per normal 
trade practice) , if any, proposed to 
be extended to the related party in 
relation to the transaction, specify the 
following:
N.A.

--- PAGE 19 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
17
 
a.	
Amount of Trade advance
 
 
b.	
Tenure
 
 
c.	
Whether same is self-
liquidating?
 
Annexure
Actual during the financial year 2025-26
(Rs. in crores)
Sale of Products
396.65
Advance received during the year
45.75
Relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, in respect of Director seeking re-appointment at this Annual General Meeting
NAME OF THE DIRECTOR
Mr. Raman Venkat Challa
Mr. Rishabh Relan
DIRECTOR 
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
07093663
07726444
AGE
65 years
35 years
DATE OF JOINING THE 
BOARD
18.07.2015
04.02.2021
QUALIFICATION
A 
graduate 
from 
Delhi 
College 
of 
Engineering 
with 
BE 
in 
Mechanical 
Engineering.
Graduation- bachelor’s in science in 
Industrial Engineering from Georgia 
Institute 
of 
Technology, 
Atlanta, 
U.S.A and Diploma – 6 Sigma in lean 
manufacturing from Institute of Industrial 
Engineering in United States 
EXPERIENCE INCLUDING 
EXPERTISE IN SPECIFIC 
FUNCTIONAL AREA
He has a wide experience and presently 
heads the Maruti Suzuki Engineering and 
R&D function. He successfully led various 
supplier 
development 
& 
procurement 
initiatives He spearheaded the Quality, 
Technology and Capacity up-gradation 
of Indian suppliers by way of technical 
tie-ups & joint ventures with global auto 
component suppliers of Japan, Europe 
and United States. He has Expertise in 
Product Development, Vehicle Testing and 
Homologation Cost Management
Mr. Rishabh Relan is presently whole-
time Director since February, 2021 and 
is associated with the Company since 
August, 2012. Presently he is Director 
of NDR Auto Components Limited, an 
associate company. Mr. Rishabh Relan 
is involved in day-to-day management 
with focus on operational excellence 
of Bharat Seats Limited with further 
improvements 
and 
growth 
of 
the 
Company as his key result area. 
TERMS & CONDITIONS 
OF RE- APPOINTMENT
As per the resolution at item no. 3 of the 
Notice convening Annual General Meeting 
on  July 24, 2026
As per the resolution at item no. 4 of 
the Notice convening Annual General 
Meeting on  July 24, 2026
REMUNERATION LAST 
DRAWN, INCLUDING 
SITTING FEES IF ANY
NIL (Sitting Fees only)
Rs.108.52 lakhs
REMUNERATION 
PROPOSED TO BE PAID
NIL (Sitting Fees only)
As per proposed resolution no. 4 read 
with explanatory statement thereto 

--- PAGE 20 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
18
RELATIONSHIP WITH 
OTHER DIRECTORS / KMP
None
Mr. Rohit Relan - father 
NUMBER OF MEETINGS 
OF THE BOARD 
ATTENDED DURING THE 
YEAR
5
5
CHAIRMANSHIPS/ 
DIRECTORSHIPS HELD IN 
OTHER COMPANIES AS 
ON 31.03.2026
Krishna Maruti Limited
Machino Polymers Limited
Machino Polymers India Private Limited
Denso India Private Limited
Maruti Suzuki Toyotsu India Private Limited
NDR Auto Components Limited 
NDR Auto Components Safety Systems 
Private limited
NDR Auto Components South Private 
limited
CHAIRMANSHIPS/ 
MEMBERSHIPS OF 
COMMITTEES OF OTHER 
COMPANIES AS ON 
31.03.2026
NONE
Stakeholders Relationship Committee – 
NDR Auto Components Limited
NO. OF SHARES HELD IN 
THE COMPANY
-
-
CONFIRMATION 
PURSUANT TO BSE 
CIRCULAR DATED 
20.06.2018
Mr. C.V. Raman has confirmed that he 
is not debarred from holding the Office of 
Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or any 
such authority
Mr. Rishabh Relan has confirmed that 
he is not debarred from holding the 
Office of Director by virtue of any SEBI 
Order or any such authority
COMMUNICATION ON TAX DEDUCTION AT SOURCE (TDS) ON DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
The Company is required to withhold taxes at the prescribed rates on the dividend paid to its shareholders. No tax will 
be deducted on payment of dividend to the resident individual shareholders if the total dividend paid does not exceed 
Rs.10,000/-. The withholding tax rate would vary depending on the residential status of the shareholder and documents 
registered with the Company.
RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:
A.1	 Tax Deductible at Source for Resident Shareholders
S. No.
Particulars
Withholding 
tax rate
Documents required (if any)
1
Valid PAN updated in the Company’s 
Register of Members
10%
No document required (if no exemption 
is sought)
2
No PAN/Valid PAN not updated in the 
Company’s Register of Members
20%
No document required (if no exemption 
is sought)
3
Availability of lower/nil tax deduction 
certificate issued by Income Tax Department 
u/s 395(1) of Income Tax Act, 2025
Rate specified 
in the certificate
Lower tax  deduction  certificate 
obtained from Income Tax Authority
A.2	 No Tax Deductible at Source on dividend payment to resident shareholders if the Shareholders submit and register 
following documents as mentioned in column no.4 of the below table with the Company / Alankit Assignments 
Limited
S
. 
No.
Particulars
Withholding 
tax rate
Documents required (if any)
1
Submission of Form 121
nil
Declaration in Form No. 121, fulfilling certain 
conditions.

--- PAGE 21 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
19
2
Shareholders to whom section 393(4) 
of the Income Tax Act, 2025 does not 
apply such as LIC, GIC, etc.
nil
Documentary   evidence   that   the   said 
provisions are not applicable.
3
Shareholder 
covered 
u/s 
393(5) 
of Income Tax Act, 2025 such as 
Government, 
RBI, 
corporations 
established by Central Act & mutual 
funds.
nil
Documentary evidence for coverage u/s 
393(5) of Income Tax Act, 2025
4
Category I and II Alternative Investment 
Fund NIL SEBI registration certificate 
to claim benefit under section 400(1) of 
Income Tax Act, 2025
nil
SEBI registration certificate to claim benefit 
under section 400(1) of Income Tax Act, 2025
5
Recognised provident funds
•	
Approved superannuation fund
•	
Approved gratuity fund
nil
Necessary documentary evidence as per 
Circular No. 18/2017 issued by Central Board 
of Direct Taxes (CBDT)
6
National Pension Scheme
nil
No TDS as per section 393(9) of Income Tax 
Act, 2025
B.	 NON-RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:
	
Withholding tax on dividend payment to non-resident shareholders if the non-resident shareholders submit and 
register following document as mentioned in column no.4 of the below table with the Company / Alankit Assignments 
Limited.
S. No.
Particulars
Withholding tax rate
Documents required (if any)
1
Foreign 
Institutional 
Investors (FIIs) / Foreign 
Portfolio Investors (FPIs)
20%  (plus  applicable 
surcharge and cess)
FPI registration number / certificate.
2
Other 
Non-resident 
shareholders
20% (plus applicable 
surcharge 
and 
cess) or tax treaty 
rate 
whichever 
is 
beneficial
To avail beneficial rate of tax treaty following tax 
documents would be required:
1.	
Tax 
Residency 
certificate 
issued 
by 
revenue authority of country of residence of 
shareholder for the year in which dividend is 
received
2.	
PAN
3.	
Form 41 filled & duly signed
4.	
Self-declaration 
for 
non-existence 
of 
permanent establishment/ fixed base in India
(Note:Application of beneficial Tax Treaty Rate shall 
depend upon the completeness of the documents 
submitted by the Non- Resident shareholder and 
review to the satisfaction of the Company)
3
Indian 
Branch 
of 
a 
Foreign Bank
Nil
Lower tax deduction certificate obtained from 
Income Tax Authority. Self- declaration confirming 
that the income is received on its own account and 
not on behalf of the Foreign Bank
4
Availability of Lower/NIL 
tax deduction certificate 
issued by Income Tax 
Department u/s 395(1) of 
Income Tax Act, 2025
Rate 
specified 
in 
certificate
Lower tax deduction certificate obtained from 
Income Tax Authority

--- PAGE 22 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
20
(i)	
Shareholders will be able to download the TDS certificate from the Income Tax Department’s website https://
incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in (refer to Form 168).
(ii)	 The aforesaid documents such as Form 121, documents under section 393(5), 400(1), FPI Registration Certificate, 
Tax Residency Certificate, Lower Tax certificate etc. can be emailed at rta@alankit.com or vijayps1@ alankit.
com on or before July 5th, 2026 to enable the Company to determine the appropriate TDS / withholding tax 
rate applicable. Any communication on the tax determination/deduction received post July 5th, 2026 shall not be 
considered.
(iii)	 Application of TDS rate is subject to necessary verification by the Company of the shareholder details as available 
in Register of Members as on the Record Date, and other documents available with the Company / Alankit 
Assignments Limited.
(iv)	 In case TDS is deducted at a higher rate, an option is still available with the shareholder to file the return of income 
and claim an appropriate refund. In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising 
from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided by the Member/s, such Member/s will 
be responsible to indemnify the Company and also, provide the Company with all information / documents and 
co-operation in any appellate proceedings.
(v)	 In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, 
inaccuracy or omission of information provided by the Member/s, such Member/s will be responsible to indemnify 
the Company and also, provide the Company with all information / documents and co-operation in any appellate 
proceedings.
(vi)	 This Communication is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential 
tax consequences in the matter of dividend payment. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for requisite 
action to be taken by them.

--- PAGE 23 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
21
 BOARD’S REPORT
Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the 39th Annual Report together with the Audited Accounts for the year 
ended 31st March, 2026.
Financial Results	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Rupees in Lakhs
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
Revenue from Operations
1,95,095.14
1,28,882.47
Other Income
528.24
358.57
Profit before Financial Cost, Depreciation & Exceptional items
10,444.01
7,904.31
Less: Finance Costs
1,017.00
890.71
Profit before Depreciation, Exceptional items & Taxation
9,427.01
7,013.60
Less:
A)	 Depreciation
3,529.38
2,623.99
B)	 Exceptional item
   137.37
C)	 Provision for Taxation
- Current Tax
1,516.19
1,179.95
- Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years
22.95
1.89
- Deferred Tax
(2.00)
(62.26)
Net Profit after Tax
4,223.12
3,270.03
Add: Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Taxes
(21.60)
5.00
Total Comprehensive Income for the year
4,201.52
3,275.03
Transfer to General Reserve
-
-
Balance Carried Forward to Balance Sheet
4,201.52
3,275.03
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS AND OPERATIONS
The revenue from operations and other income for the financial year under review was Rs.1,95,623.38 lakhs as against 
Rs. 1,29,241.04 lakhs for the previous financial year, showing an increase of 51.36%. The profit before finance costs, 
depreciation and taxation is Rs.10,444.01 lakhs for the financial year under review as against Rs. 7,904.31 lakhs for 
the previous financial year, an increase by 32.13%. The profit after tax increased to Rs.4,223.12 lakhs, as compared 
to Rs. 3,270.03 lakhs for the previous financial year, i.e. an increase by 29.15%. Total comprehensive income for the 
year increased to Rs. 4,201.52 lakhs as compared to Rs. 3,275.03 lakhs for the previous financial year, an increase by 
28.29%. This was due to better capacity utilisation as a result of increase in sales of Car Seats to Maruti Suzuki India 
Limited and cost saving measures taken by the Company.
From April 2025, the Company has started supply of seats for four wheelers to Maruti Suzuki India Limited from the 
manufacturing facility setup at Kharkhauda in Sonipat, Haryana.
TRANSFER TO GENERAL RESERVE
During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Company has not transferred any amount to General Reserves.
DIVIDEND
Your Directors are pleased to recommend, for the approval of the shareholders at the 39th Annual General Meeting, 
a dividend of 75% (Rs.1.50/- per equity share) amounting to Rs.942 lakhs for the financial year ended 31.03.2026. 
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
The Company has received the award for “Business Continuity” at the Vendor Conference of Maruti Suzuki India 
Limited, held in Doha in 2025.

--- PAGE 24 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
22
WEBSITE
As per provisions of Regulation 46 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 all necessary information as required to 
be given to the shareholders/stakeholders, is available at www.bharatseats.com. Shareholders/ stakeholders are 
requested to refer to investor section.
TRANSFER TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND
a.	
The members of the Company are informed that the dividends that remain unpaid/unclaimed for a period of 7 
(seven) years from the date of transfer to the Unpaid / Unclaimed dividend account are required to be transferred to 
the account of the Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established by the Central Government. 
Accordingly, during the financial year under review, the Company transferred Unclaimed dividend amounting to Rs. 
3,41,372/- lying with the Company for a period of seven years pertaining to the financial year ended on 31st March, 
2018.
b.	
The members of the Company are also informed that as per the provisions introduced in the year 2016, underlying 
equity shares on which dividend remain Unpaid/Unclaimed for a period of 7 (seven) consecutive years are 
required to be transferred to the Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established by the Central 
Government.
	
Accordingly, during the financial year under review, the Company has transferred 29,922 equity shares in respect 
of which dividend have not been claimed by the members for seven consecutive years pertaining to the financial 
year ended on 31st March, 2018, up to financial year ended 31st March, 2024 to IEPF Authority.
SHARE CAPITAL
There was no change in the capital structure of the Company.
During the year under review, the promoters of the company namely Mr. Rohit Relan, Ms. Ritu Relan, Mr. Rishabh 
Relan, Mr. Pranav Relan and Mr. Ayush Relan transferred their 1,02,88,358  (16.38%) Equity Shares of Rs.2/- each 
by way of gift to a family trust on September 26, 2025, consequent upon exemption under regulation 11 of the SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, obtained from SEBI on September 04, 2025, 
Thus, there was a change in the control of the company from Individual Promoters to a Family trust. 
The acquisition was in furtherance of an internal reorganization within the Promoter Family  in order to  streamline 
succession and promote welfare of Promoter Family. This transfer did not affect or prejudice the interests of the public 
shareholders of the Target Company in any manner. The pre–acquisition and post–acquisition shareholding of the 
promoters and promoter group in the Target Company remained the same in substance.
CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS
There was no change in the nature of business during the financial year 2025-26 under review.
MATERIAL CHANGES & COMMITMENTS
In pursuance to section 134(3)(l) of the Companies Act, 2013, no material changes and commitments have occurred 
after the closure of the financial year to which the financial statements relate till the date of this report, affecting the 
financial position of the Company.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The Management Discussion and Analysis as stipulated under Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is attached to this report, and forms part of the Annual Report.
CREDIT RATING
ICRA has assigned its short-term credit rating of A1 and long-term credit rating of A (stable), indicating the outlook on 
the long term rating as ‘Stable’.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All contracts/ transactions entered into by the Company during the financial year with related parties were in the
ordinary course of business and were at arm’s length basis.
The Related Party Transactions Policy as approved by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web 
link: 
chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/2.-
Policy-on-Related-Party-Transactions.pdf
The information relating to particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties referred to in sub section (1) of 
section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 in Form AOC-2 is annexed as Annexure I, forming part of this Report.

--- PAGE 25 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
23
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
The information relating to conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo 
pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 
is annexed hereto as Annexure II, forming part of this Report.
BOARD ANNUAL EVALUATION
In compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, performance evaluation was carried out of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors, including the 
Chairman of the Board.
Nomination & Remuneration Committee reviews the evaluation criteria for the Board, its Committees, Executive and 
non-executive Directors and Chairman of the Company, considering qualification, expertise, attributes and various 
parameters based on which evaluation of the Board has to be carried out by the Company.
A meeting of the independent directors was held, which reviewed the performance of the Board (as a whole), Committees 
of the Board, the non-independent directors and the Chairman.
The evaluation of Independent Directors was carried out by the Board.
This exercise was carried out through a structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the Board such 
as composition of the Board/ Committees, experience, competencies, performance of specific duties etc. Separate 
exercise was carried out to evaluate the performance of individual directors, including Board's Chairman who were 
evaluated on the parameters such as attendance, contribution at the meeting, independent judgment etc. and was 
found to be satisfactory.
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL: 
Retirement by rotation
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,    Mr. 
Venkat Raman Challa, Director (DIN: 07093663) is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Further, Mr. Venkat Raman Challa has given declaration that he is / was not debarred from being appointed / re-
appointed or continuing as Director of the Company by the virtue of any order passed by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs or any such Statutory Authority.
The Board recommend his re-appointment to the Shareholders.
Declaration from Independent Directors
The Company has received declaration from all the Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of 
Independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the schedules and rules 
made there under along with declaration for compliance with clause 16 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Appointments
 The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has recommended to shareholders, 
re-appointment of Mr. Rishabh Relan (DIN:07726444) as Whole time Director of the Company for a further term of three 
years w.e.f. 4th February, 2027 to 3rd February, 2030 on the terms and conditions as mentioned in the relevant item of 
the notice calling 39th Annual General Meeting.
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)
Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Rishabh Relan, Whole time Director, Mr. Rajiv Arora, Whole 
Time Director & CEO, Mr. Vinod Kumar, CFO and Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary are the KMPs of the Company 
in terms of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standards of Corporate Governance and adhere to the Corporate 
Governance requirements as set out by the Regulators/ applicable laws.
The report on Corporate Governance as stipulated under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 has been included in this Annual Report as a separate section, along with the certificate of Mr. R S 
Bhatia, Company Secretary in Practice.

--- PAGE 26 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
24
DETAILS OF DEPOSIT AS PROVIDED UNDER CHAPTER V OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Your Company has not accepted any deposits under Chapter V of the Companies Act, 2013. There was an outstanding 
loan of Rs. 2260 Lacs as at 31.03.2026 from Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director of the Company which 
is exempted as deposit under Rule 2(c)(viii) of Companies (Acceptance of Deposit) Rules, 2014.
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR 
TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATION IN FUTURE
There are no significant and material orders passed by the Regulators, Courts or Tribunals which would impact the 
going concern status of the Company and its operations in future.
DETAILS OF ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and such policies and procedures 
adopted by the Company for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information. The Audit 
Committee evaluates the internal financial control system periodically.
LISTING
The Equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.   The 
Company has paid listing fees due to the Stock Exchanges.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
Your Company believes in giving back to society and has taken steps for that. Alongside business priorities, the 
Company is committed to society as well and this is apparent through our CSR activities.
During the financial year, your Company has contributed to Rotary Southend Charitable  Trust towards healthcare.
The Company also contributed to Sewa Bharti towards healthcare for Cochlear Implant surgery. Your Company 
contributed to Indian Cancer Society for cancer treatment of underprivileged.
 Your Company contributed to “Study Hall Educational Foundation” a college in Lucknow for the under privileged and 
marginalized section of society. Your Company also contributed to Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) towards Skill 
development.
The CSR Policy is uploaded on the Company’s website at the web link: https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/
uploads/2020/05/CSR-Policy-bsl-Final2021for-website.doc.pdf
During the financial year 2025-26, the Company contributed an amount of R74 lakhs towards CSR, which is 2% of 
its average net profits for the preceding 3 financial years. There is no amount which is lying unspent in respect of the 
financial year under review.
The annual report on CSR activities, composition of the CSR Committee and other prescribed details are given in the 
report format provided under the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 in Annexure III.
Further Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 29th July, 2025, approved creation of a CSR Trust 
in association/jointly with NDR Auto Components Limited, an associate company, namely NDR Auto & BSL Foundation, 
as per the provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, for undertaking primarily CSR Activities.
ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Sec 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, the copy of Annual Return can be accessed at Company’s website at :
https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Annual-Return.pdf.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
Five meetings of the Board of Directors were held during the financial year. For further details, please refer the Report 
on Corporate Governance given separately in the Annual Report.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
As on 31st March, 2026, the Audit Committee comprised of four Directors, three Independent Non- executive Directors, 
namely Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari, Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya and Ms. Nisha Malhotra and one Executive Director, Mr. 
Rishabh Relan. Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari was the Chairman of the Committee.
Further, details of the Committee meetings held are given in the Corporate Governance Report. The powers and Role 
of the Audit Committee are included in the Corporate Governance Report. All the recommendations made by the Audit 
Committee were accepted by the Board.

--- PAGE 27 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
25
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors confirm that:
(a)	 In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed and no 
material departures have been made from the same.
(b)	 Appropriate accounting policies have been selected and applied consistently and judgments and estimates 
made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company 
at 31st March, 2026 and of the Profit of the Company for the year ending 31st March, 2026.
(c)	 Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
(d)	 The annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis.
(e)	 Internal financial controls to be followed by the Company have been laid down and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively.
(f)	 Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
Disclosure as required under Sub Rule 2 of Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed hereto as Annexure IV.
The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median employees’ remuneration and other details in terms of 
Sub Section 12 of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as part of the report as Annexure V.
No. of Employees as on March 31, 2026 of Financial Year
Gender
No. of Employees
Female
21
Male
424
Transgender
-
COMPANY’S POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION INCLUDING CRITERIA FOR 
DETERMINING QUALIFICATIONS, POSITIVE ATTRIBUTES, INDEPENDENCE OF A DIRECTOR AND OTHER 
MATTERS AS PROVIDED UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
The Company has formulated a Nomination and Remuneration Policy which is available on the website of the Company. 
The link of the same is https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/3.-Nomination-and-Remuneration-Policy.
pdf. Other details are provided in Corporate Governance Report.
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186
There was no transaction falling under the provision of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 during the financial 
year under review.
RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company has in place the Risk Management Policy to identify and assess the key risk areas and monitor the same. 
The Board periodically reviews the risks and suggests steps to be taken to control the risks.
VIGIL MECHANISM
The Company has in place an established Whistle Blower Policy. The Audit Committee and the Board periodically 
review the policy and its implementation. The purpose of this policy is to provide a framework to promote responsible 
whistle blowing by employees.
The Whistle Blower Policy may be accessed at the Company’s website at:
https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/whistle-blower-policy2020.pdf

--- PAGE 28 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
26
DETAILS OF APPLICATION / ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY 
CODE, 2016
Neither any application was made nor any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 
of 2016) during the financial year.
DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE TIME 
SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF:
As Company has not done any one-time settlement during the year under review hence no disclosure is required.
HUMAN RESOURCES
Our relations with the employees are very cordial. Your Directors would like to place on record their appreciation of the 
commitment and efficient services rendered by all employees of the Company, without whose wholehearted efforts, the 
overall satisfactory performance of the Company would not have been possible.
AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT 
(a)	 Statutory Auditors
	
M/s S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, LLP, (ICAI Firm Registration No. 301003E/E300005) were 
appointed as the Statutory Auditors at 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on 28th June, 
2022 for a consecutive term of five years.
	
Auditors’ Report
	
The Auditors’ Report given by M/s S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP, Statutory Auditors on the financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2026 is part of the Annual Report. The Auditors’ Report does not contain 
any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. During the year under review, the Auditors had not reported any 
matter under Section 143(12) of the Act, therefore, no detail is required to be disclosed under Section 134 (3)(ca) 
of the Act.
(b)	 Secretarial Auditor
	
Mr. R.S. Bhatia, Company Secretary in Practice (Membership Number: FCS 2599, CP No. 2514) (Peer review 
Certificate No. 1496/2021) were appointed as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company at 38th Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on 9th July 2025 for a period of 5 (Five) consecutive years from 1st April 2025 
till 31st March 2030.
	
Secretarial Audit Report
	
In accordance with the provisions of the Section 204 read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Secretarial Audit was carried out by Mr. R. S. Bhatia, Company Secretary 
in Practice for the financial year 2025-26. The report of Secretarial Auditor for the financial year 2025-26 is annexed 
herewith marked as Annexure VI to this Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remark.
	
Secretarial Auditor’s had not reported any matter under Section 143(12) of the Act, therefore no detail is required 
to be disclosed under Section 134 (3) (ca) of the Act.
	
Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
	
Pursuant to Regulation 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company has obtained annual secretarial compliance report from Mr. R. S. Bhatia, Company Secretary in Practice 
and the same shall be submitted to stock exchanges within the prescribed time limit. The annual secretarial 
compliance report does not contain any adverse remarks and qualifications.
c)	
Internal Auditor 
	
Company appointed M/s Grant Thornton Bharat LLP, as the Internal Auditor of the Company, for the financial years 
2025-2026 and 2026-2027.
	
The agencies perform the internal audit, and assess the internal controls and statutory compliances in various 
areas and provide suggestions for improvement. Independence of internal auditors is ensured through direct 
reporting to the Audit Committee. Internal Auditors independently evaluate the adequacy of internal controls and 
concurrently audit the financial transactions and review the various business processes. Internal Audit reports are 
placed before the Audit Committee of the Board.
	
Accordingly, the Board is of the opinion that the Company’s internal financial controls were adequate and effective 
as on March 31, 2026.
d)	 Cost Audit
	
In accordance with Section 148 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is not required to maintain the cost 
records as specified by the Central Government.

--- PAGE 29 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
27
	
SAFETY
Safety first is our motto. While the laws make it mandatory for us to adopt benchmark practices, our values drive
us towards this objective.
With the regular guidance from the Safety Team of Maruti Suzuki India Limited, the Company is now among the
leading companies which have made safety its culture.
Well trained staff, focus on best practices & aided with installation of state-of-the-art Aerosol fire Detection &
Suppression system across locations have worked at force multipliers in our journey.
Besides this, the environmentally friendly practices, fire extinguishers, thermography test, adherence to NBC 2016, 
NOC from fire office & regular third-party inspections speaks of the commitment.
The review mechanism monitoring & mock drills happen periodically & monitored at APEX level. Last but not the 
least SHE (Safety, Health & Environment) training is regularly imparted to all the employees. Various initiatives 
taken are,
-	
Monthly zone wise safety audit system implemented, to ensure zero accident.
-	
Advanced LOTO system with DOJO room training implemented, to ensure full safety of human being on the 
shop floor.
EFFECTIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS
The company is system certified for IATF (International Automotive Task Force) 16949 for quality management systems, 
ISO 14001 for environment management and ISO45001 for occupational health and safety , added Gujarat Hansalpur 
location in the start of FY 24-25. BSL is also accredited with ISO/IEC 17025:2017 “General Requirements for the 
competence of Testing & Calibration Laboratories”. Our Manesar, Gurgaon, Gujarat, Kharkhauda and Bhorakalan 
Plants have been certified as VSA “Green” Plants by Maruti Suzuki India Limited.
Your Company’s focus on safety and effective mitigation of all the likely risks involved, has led to safe and healthy 
working environment for all employees thus helping them to perform at their optimum level of competence.
ENVIRONMENT
Through ISO 14001, we are committed to work on continuously improving both Human Safety and Plant safety & 
Environment through: -
-	
Management of Safety & Environmental Risks through proactive risk mitigation planning. (Hazard Identification 
& Risk Assessment (HIRA) and Operation Control Procedure (OCP) Compliance to all safety & Environmental 
Regulations
-	
Focus on optimum use of Energy and Reduction of waste.
-	
Effective handling and waste disposal.
-	
Implemented Solar system to use renewable resources.
-	
Energy audit conducted at all the plants and adequate energy saving initiatives being placed related to energy 
saving.
-	
Various Energy saving kaizens implemented on the shop floor to save energy.
BSL is taking initiative for carbon neutrality in its new plant at Kharkhauda. The effort for carbon neutrality will be 
applicable in the area of plant construction, transportation system and usage of green energy.
DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 22 OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
The Company has constituted Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) known as Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) 
Committee to enquire into complaints of Sexual Harassment and recommend appropriate action. The Company has not 
received any complaint of sexual harassment during the financial year 2025-26.
The table below provides details of complaints received/disposed during the financial year 2025‑26:
No. of complaints received during the financial 
year
Nil
No. of complaints disposed during the financial 
year
Nil
No. of cases pending for more than 90 days
Nil

--- PAGE 30 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
28
CONFIRMATION UNDER THE MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT, 1961
During the financial year ended 31st March 2026, your Company was in compliance with the provisions relating to the 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, as amended and hereby confirms adherence to all statutory requirements prescribed under 
the said Act.
SHARES
a.	
Buy Back of Securities
	
The Company has not bought back any of its securities during the year under review.
b	
Sweat Equity
	
The Company has not issued any Sweat Equity Shares during the year under review.
c.	
Bonus Shares
	
The Company has not issued any Bonus Equity Shares during the year under review.
d.	
Issue of Shares with differential voting rights
	
The Company has not issued any shares with differential rights during the year under review.
e.	
Issue of Shares under Employee Stock Option Scheme
	
No such issue of shares under employee stock option scheme was made.
f.	
Issue of shares through private placement – Nil.
g.	
Issue of Shares without differential voting rights – Nil.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
The Directors place on record their deep appreciation of the valuable assistance and co-operation extended to the 
Company by Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd., Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited, 
Toyo Seat Co. Ltd., Japan, Inoac Corporation, Japan, Hayashi Telempu (Thailand) Co. Ltd., HDFC Bank Ltd., ICICI 
Bank Ltd., various departments of Central Government and Government of Haryana. The directors convey their deep 
appreciation to each and every employee for her/his efficient service, commitment and collective team work.
Your support as shareholders is greatly valued.
Your Directors thank you and look forward to the future with confidence.
For and on behalf of the Board
Bharat Seats Limited
Place	 :	 Gurugram
Date	 :	 May 6, 2026
(Rohit Relan)
Chairman and Managing Director

--- PAGE 31 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
29
ANNEXURE-I
Form No. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2)
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred 
to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third 
proviso thereto
1.	
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: -NONE-
Sl. 
No.
Name(s) 
of 
the 
related 
party
Nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements or 
Transactions including 
the  value,  if any
Date(s) of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, if 
any:
Date on which the 
resolution was 
passed in general 
meeting as required 
under first proviso to 
section 188
NONE
2.	
Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis:
Sl. No.
Name(s) of the 
related party 
Nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/ 
arrangements/ transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/ 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or Transactions 
including the value, 
if any
Date(s) of 
approval 
by the 
Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any:
Date on which the 
ordinary resolution 
was passed in general 
meeting as required 
under first proviso to 
section 188
1.
Maruti Suzuki 
India Limited
Associate 
Company
Sale or supply of Goods, 
materials, sale of tooling/ 
job charges/ miscellaneous 
income/ expenses
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 
2400 crores per 
annum
NIL
12.03.2026
2.
Maruti Suzuki 
India Limited
Associate 
Company
Purchases of goods, tools or 
any asset
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 50 
crores per annum
NIL
28.06.2022
3.
Maruti Suzuki 
India Limited
Associate 
Company
Electricity/ Utilities 
purchased/ Factory 
expenses/ Others
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 30 
crores per annum
NIL
28.06.2022
4.
NDR Auto 
Components 
Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Purchase, transfer or receipt 
of products, Goods, tools, 
materials, assets or services
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of 
Rs. 650 crores per 
Annum
NIL
09.07.2025
5.
NDR Auto 
Components 
Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Sale of goods, tools or any 
asset
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 50 
crores per Annum
NIL
28.06.2022
6.
Toyo Sharda 
India Pvt. Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Sale or supply of Goods, 
materials Sale of Tooling/ 
Job Charges, including 
reimbursement of expenses
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 
100 crores per annum
NIL
28.06.2022
7.
Toyo Sharda 
India Pvt. Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Purchase  of  goods,  tool  or 
any asset
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of 
Rs. 150 crores per 
Annum
NIL
28.06.2022
8.
Toyo Sharda 
India Pvt. Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Lease Rent to be received
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 
2 crores per annum 
Lakhs per Annum
NIL
28.06.2022
9.
Toyo Sharda 
India Pvt. Ltd.
Associate 
Company
Management Fees to be 
received
Transaction 
repetitive in 
nature
Upto a max. of Rs. 1 
crore per annum
NIL
28.06.2022
	

--- PAGE 32 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
30
ANNEXURE-II
Information pursuant to Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014, forming part of Board of Directors’ Report for the year ended 31st March 2026
(A)	 CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
(i)	 the steps taken or impact on conservation of energy
The following steps have been implemented to save electricity:
Gurugram Plant
1.	
Energy saving by Installing the timer-based circuit in carpet section so that during lunch and dinner time 
the fan and lights switched off automatically.
	
Energy saving 2,800 KWH/Year
2.	
Energy saving by switch off the trimming press main motor in deal time.
	
Energy saving 1,000 KWH/Year
3.	
Energy saving by modifying the edge guider unt in lamination machine.
	
Energy saving 13,440 KWH/Year
Manesar Plant
1.	
Energy saving by installation of Pneumatic pump in place of mechanical (Electricity operated) in Polyol in 
PU Blending area 
	
Energy saving 98,904 KWH/Year
2.	
Optimization Fuel Saving by replacing the Old Diesel operated fork lifter with new battery-operated Fork 
Lifter 9,984 Liter/Year (Diesel Saving)
3.	
Modification in Heat Exchanger with Maximum utilization of electricity operated on PU-01
	
Energy 1,48,333 KWH/Year
BhoraKalan Plant
1.	
Providing auto shut off valve for air cut When machine power off.
	
Energy saving 25,263 KWH/Year
2.	
Energy saving by installing auto cut off timer in first floor
	
Energy saving 2240 KWH/Year.
Kharkhoda Plant
1.	
Optimization of electricity by Installing the timer in water analyser motor to stop when water level fall 
below level 
Energy saving 26,588 KWH/Year
2.	
Optimization of electricity by Installing PIR sensor in office lights and fan.
	
Energy saving 4,335 KWH/Year
Gujarat Naviyani Plant
1.	
Energy saving by installed auto cut off timer at shop floor so that all top light of Floor automatically off at 
the time of daytime.  
Energy saving 624 KWH/Year
2.	
 All oven exhaust blower interlinks with the machine so that after power off the machine, exhaust blower 
also automatically off 
Energy Saving 1,200 KWH
Gujarat JV Plant
1.	
Energy saving by AHU auto shut down during Lunch & Dinner time. 
Energy saving 11,733 KWH/Year.
2.	
Energy saving by AC units auto shut off after working time 
Energy saving 5,466 KWH/Year.

--- PAGE 33 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
31
(ii)	 the steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy.
Gurugram Plant
Energy saving through solar power plant 2,75,445 KWH/Year
Manesar Plant
Energy saving through solar power plant 5,31,688 Unit/year
BhoraKalan Plant
Energy saving through solar power plant 2,17,107 KWH/Year
Kharkhoda Plant
Energy saving through solar power plant 3,23,224 KWH/Year
Gujarat Naviyani Plant
Nil
Gujarat JV Plant
Nil
(iii) capital investment in energy conservation equipment.
Gurugram Plant
Nil
Project was implemented under Operational Expenses.
Manesar Plant
Nil
Project was implemented under Operational Expenses.
BhoraKalan Plant
Nil
Project was implemented under Operational Expenses.
Gujarat Naviyani Plant
Nil
Project was implemented under Operational Expenses.
Gujarat JV Plant
Nil
Project was implemented under Operational Expenses.
(B)	 TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
I.	
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT(R&D)
1)	
Specific areas in which Research & Development work is carried out by your company is:
R&D team is backbone of any business house irrespective of segment. This is the team that works on 
products packed with advanced technologies and processes, conceiving the product and preparing it to 
be commercialized. Your team is working on the following different product portfolios:
a)	
Seating System design & development for passenger cars
b)	
NVH components like Floor carpet, Silencer Dash Inner, Silencer Dash Outer, Cover Motor Under, 
Fender Lining, Wheel Housing Cover, etc. for passenger car.
c)	
Design & Development for extrusion products like Roof Molding and Molding Windshield for 
passenger car.
d)	
Seating system design & development for 2-Wheelers.
e)	
Design & Development of Rear Door for passenger cars.
Major accomplishments in the year under review are as follows:

--- PAGE 34 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
32
(i)	
Four-wheeler Seating System - Ministry of surface transport, Govt of India took bold step in matching safety 
norms of vehicle with that of developed worlds which mandates seats of passenger cars (M1 category) 
to meet crash norms as promulgated through regulatory norms. This has led to higher levels of content in 
seats like use of side airbags, use of high strength steel 590 MPa /980 MPa for seat superstructure, use 
of seat mechanism with higher strength and precision, and the incorporation of child safety features like 
ISO-FIX. At the same time higher disposal income has made affordability of seats with advanced features 
like Ventilated seats, seats with electrical controls for all adjustments, seats that have more aesthetic 
appeal causing use of more plastic parts to decorate and so on.
(ii)	 Four-wheeler car carpet - which used to be merely fabric to camouflage car floor sheet metal is now 
performance part that helps in attenuating the vibrations that come to car floor & also helps absorbing 
unwanted sounds below & above taking range of sound. R&D team is engaged with Hayashi Telempu 
Corp from Thailand for transferring the technical know-how besides bringing innovation in material & 
processing technology.
(iii)	 Four-wheeler windshield extrusion is another critical part which holds windshield glass and hence 
selection of material and profiles design are very critical. BSL extrusion design team works in technical 
collaboration with INOAC corporation, Japan for this. With passage of time, the team has been groomed 
to design the part as well as tool inhouse.
(iv)	 Part of R&D team is working on two-wheeler seat design and development. Having expertise in profile 
design, trim cover selection that sustains inclement weather conditions as its directly exposed to 
atmosphere. Proper foam hardness selection is key to offer ergonomically correct seating posture of 
riders.
(v)	 Four-wheeler Rear Door Sunshade is another critical part which blocks sunlight & reduces heat inside 
the car providing comfort to the passenger. Selection of material and profiles design are very critical. BSL 
design team works in technical collaboration with Hayashi Corporation, Japan for this. 
	
All above teams are supported by the state-of-the-art testing center which is NABL accredited and 
correlated with SMC Japan helping our customer Maruti Suzuki to reduce testing cost by localizing all 
seat testing in India.
(vi)	 This year marks addition of Airbag deployment testing machine capable of testing multiple airbag 
deployment for seats and other interior parts together
(vii)	Inhouse testing facility used for witness test & export related homologation testing reducing the need of 
sending testing through outside testing agency.
(viii)	This year BSL also started manufacturing tools for its sheet metal and child part manufacturing tools,
(ix)	 New Part Development:
a)	
Passenger Car Seats- R&D has been able to design & develop 1 Small project (minor changes) and 
3 new programs (major changes) into productionization.
b)	
Passenger Car Carpet- With the backing of technical partner, your R&D has been able to design & 
develop 2 new programs into productionization.
c)	
Rear Door Sunshade -- With the backing of technical partner, your R&D has been able to design & 
develop 1 new program into productionization.
d)	
Roof & Windshield Moulding – R&D has been able to design & develop 3 new programs into 
productionization.
e)	
Wheel Assembly for 2-Wheeler -- R&D has been able to develop 5 new programs into productionization.
f)	
2-Wheeler Seat- Team has been able to develop 2 new programs into productionization.
(x)	 Besides all above program team continuingly engaged in Value Engineering and Value analysis (VA- 
VE) in process, creating design and development standard for each commodity, developing expertise 
knowledge in fabric lay-outing called “nesting” to increase yield, etc. for value addition.
(xi)	 Technical Show: This year your company demonstrated multiple new innovative products including new 
2nd row multi-functional Captain seat, new insulation (V-Wave), Ambient lighting, and Tonneau cover.
(xii)	Enhancing Design Capabilities –
	
Upgradation of Design team with deployment of Product Life cycle Management (PLM) Tool team center. 
In PLM Tool all CAD Data, Drawing, Design, (Request for Quotation) RFQ, (Engineering Change Note ) 
ECN will be accessible on system.

--- PAGE 35 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
33
Online employee training, Dojo workshops, technical training by MSIL and OJT (On the Job training) 
trainee allocated for enhancing the capabilities of employees.
2)	
Benefits derived as a result of above R&D:
All above stated efforts have helped your Company gain more business than earlier. Team strengths
have increased manifolds, which can be easily seen through launch of a new plant in Gujarat.
3)	
R&D Future Plans
	
Your Company, in pursuit of continuous improvement, has decided to:
•	
Create your Company’s R&D technical know-how & Design guidelines for the learnings and 
technology absorption.
•	
Create Design procedures along with Work Instructions, formats, etc. for applicable stages in the 
design and development process,
•	
Create new seat devices like SBR, Latch etc.
•	
Engineering capability development with increase in R&D manpower & software.
4)	
R&D EXPENDITURE
	
Your Company’s requirement of customers besides internal initiatives as stated which has resulted in 
capital & other expenditure as follows:
Capital
Rs. 48.26 lakhs
Recurring
Rs. 1207.79 lakhs
Total
Rs. 1256.05 lakhs
R&D expenditure as a percentage of total turnover
0.64%
II.	
 TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION AND INNOVATION
(i)	
Efforts made towards Technology absorption and
(ii)	 the benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution
a)	
Passenger Car seating system –
1.	
Your team has adopted ventilation system into seats with EOL check for noise & air flow.
2.	
R&D has developed power front seats with EOL check for Noise and function.
3.	
Your team has also been instrumental in launching heated seat versions where heating element 
is embedded in foam pad with thermostat to control the temperature.
b)	
Two-Wheeler seating-
	
Increasing throughput of assembly lines with automation of seat system has further improved 
customer relationships which has resulted in winning few critical businesses.
c)	
NVH Components –
	
Hayashi Telempu Corp, Japan, Technology partner has helped your R&D team to have the needed 
know-how in design & development of NVH components. Working in tandem with them has helped 
win NVH business in many other areas besides vehicle carpet e.g. Wheel housing Trim, Hood 
insulator, etc.
d)	
Extrusion –
	
Your R&D Team has worked extensively on creating local sources for rubber grade that goes in 
making the extrusion part which consists of two different grades – core which offers flexibility to the 
part while lip which is made up of different grade of rubber having property of shape retention by way 
of higher rigidity which helps on clinging the part with vehicle body. This has manifested in winning 
few critical businesses and has given strong footing for new business growth.
e)	
Rear Door Sunshade --
	
Hayashi Telempu Corp, Japan, Technology partner has helped your R&D team to have the needed 
know-how in design & development of Rear Door Sunshade components. Working in tandem with them, 
has helped win new business.

--- PAGE 36 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
34
(iii)	 In case of imported technology, technology imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning 
of the financial year
DETAILS OF TECHNOLOGY IMPORTED
YEAR OF 
IMPORT
HAS TECHNOLOGY 
BEEN FULLY 
ABSORBED
-	
For manufacture of seating system for four wheelers
2023-2024
Yes
-	
For Manufacture of extruded components for automobiles
Yes
-	
For manufacture of carpets and NVH (Noise, Vibration and 
Harshness) components
Yes
-	
Sandwich layer re-construction in vehicle carpet to 
meet higher SAC (Sound Absorption coefficient) and TL 
(Transmission loss) with ceiling
Yes
-	
Heater application in passenger car seating with 
thermostat to control heat. Manufacturing technology with 
in-process and End of line checks
Yes
-	
Development of all front seats with airbag and rear seats 
with 3Point Centre Seat Belts
Yes
-	
Enhancing testing capabilities with installation of 
flammability testing machine and 3D Scanner for 
inspection and reverse engineering purpose
Yes
-	
Implementation of Siemens, Team Centre, a customized 
product life cycle application of RD data and workflow 
management
Yes
-	
For manufacture of seating system for four wheelers
2024-2025
Yes
-	
For Manufacture of extruded components for automobiles
Yes
-	
For manufacture of carpets and NVH (Noise, Vibration and 
Harshness) Components such as Floor Carpets, Dash 
Outer, Silencers, Trim Comp etc.
Yes
-	
Development of Power Seats for EVs
Yes
-	
Development of Seats with Ventilation system
Yes
-	
Enhanced testing capability for inhouse testing of 
Sunshade
Yes
-	
High Frequency Welding Process implemented for Heel 
Pad Welding in YY8 Floor Carpet & Footrest Welding in 
Y17 Floor Carpet.
Yes
-	
Double Robot Waterjet Trimming Implemented for Y17 
Floor Carpet.
Yes
-	
Testing qualification for Silencer dash Inner with Light 
Weight Concept.
Yes
-	
For design & development of light weight and high NVH 
performance components such as Floor Carpets, Silencer 
dash inner, Silencer dash outer etc.
2025-2026
Yes
-	
Design & Development of extruded components for 
automobiles
Yes
-	
Rear Door sunshade design & development & Testing
Yes
(C)	 FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
In terms of actual inflows and actual outflows, foreign exchange inflow on account of export of goods amounted 
to Rs.412.76 lakhs (335.32), foreign exchange outflow on account of import of Capital Goods and raw materials 
amounted to Rs 1,779.63. lakhs (Rs. 707.58 lakhs). Other expenditure in foreign currency relating to travelling, 
training and technical fees amounted to Rs 213.50 lakhs (Rs. 551.07 lakhs). Other expenses amounted to Rs.3.16 
lakhs(NIL), Japan office expenses amounted to Rs.162.16 lakhs (Last Rs. 139.11 lakhs).
Remittances in foreign currency on account of dividend amounted to Rs.102.30 lakhs (Rs. 74.40 lakhs). (Figures 
in bracket pertain to last year)

--- PAGE 37 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
35
ANNEXURE III
Annual Report on CSR Activities undertaken by the Company in financial year 2025-26
1.	
Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company
	
The Company has framed a CSR Policy in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
2.	
Composition of CSR Committee as on 31st March, 2026:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director
Designation/ Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the year
1
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Chairperson 
(Independent Director)
3
3
2
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Independent Director
3
3
3
Mr. Sanjay 
Bhattacharyya
Independent Director
3
3
4
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
Independent Director
3
3
	
Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed 
on the website of the company Corporate Social Responsibility - Bharat Seats Limited
3.	
Details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the
	
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report). Not Applicable 
as the average CSR obligations in the three immediately preceding financial years was less than Rs.10 crores.
4.	
Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) and rule 7 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, 
if any.
	
Rs.0.55 lakhs
5.	
Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
	
Rs. 3672 Lakhs
6.	
(a) 	 Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)
	
Rs. 73.45 Lakhs
	
(b)	 Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years
	
Nil
	
(c)	 Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
	
Nil
	
(d)	 Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c)
	
Rs. 73.45 Lakhs
7	
(a) 	 CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year 
(in Rs./Lakhs)
Amount Unspent (in Rs./Lakhs)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent
CSR Account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as per 
second proviso to Section 135(5)
74
-
-
(b)	 Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: NIL
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
the project
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
Schedule VII 
of the Act
Local Area 
(Yes/ No)
Location of 
the project
Project 
duration
Amount allocated 
for the project
Amount spent 
in the current 
financial year
Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account for the project as 
per Section 135(6)
Mode of 
Implementation - 
Direct (Yes/ No.)
Mode of Implementation Through 
Implementing Agency
Name
CSR Regn. No

--- PAGE 38 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
36
(c)	 Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Sr. 
no.
Name of the 
project
Item from the 
list of activities 
in Schedule VII of 
the Act
Local Area
(Yes/ No)
Location of the 
project
Amount spent 
for the project 
(in lakhs)
Mode of 
Implementation 
Direct (Yes / No)
Mode of Implementation Through Implementing 
Agency
Name
CSR Regn. No
1
Education
Education
No
Lucknow, Uttar 
Pradesh
12.50
No
Study Hall Education Foundation
CSR00004810
2
Healthcare
Healthcare
Yes
Delhi
17.85
No
Rotary Southend Charitable Trust
CSR00024288
3
Healthcare
Healthcare
Yes
Delhi
12.50
No
Seva Bharti
CSR0003477
4
Skill 
development
Skill development
Yes
Delhi
24.90
No
 Confederation of Indian Industry
CSR00001013
5
Healthcare
Healthcare
Yes
Delhi
4.81
No
Indian Cancer Society
CSR00000792
(d)	 Amount spent on Administrative Overheads: Rs. 1.44 Lakhs
(e)	 Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not Applicable
(f)	 Total amount spent for the Financial Year: Rs.74 lakhs (7b+7c+7d+7e)
(g)	 Excess amount for set off, if any
Sl. No.
Particulars
Amount (Rs./Lakhs)
i
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5)
73.45
ii
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
74
iii
Excess amount spent for the financial year (ii)-(i)
0.55
iv
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of 
the previous financial years, if any.
-
v
Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
0.55
8.	
(a)	 Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years : NIL
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Sr. 
no.
Project 
ID
Name 
of the 
project
Financial Year 
in which the 
project was 
commenced
Project 
duration
Total amount 
allocated for 
the project
Amount spent on the 
project in the reporting 
Financial Year
Cumulative amount 
spent at the end of 
reporting Financial 
Year
Status of 
the project - 
Completed/ 
Ongoing
(b)	 Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): 
Nil
9.	
In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so 
created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year (asset wise details):
(a)	 Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s): NIL
(b)	 Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset: NIL
(c)	 Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is 
registered, their address etc.: NIL
(d)	 Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired: NIL
10.	 Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as 
per section 135(5): NOT APPLICABLE
ROHIT RELAN
Chairman and Managing Director
NISHA MALHOTRA
Chairperson-CSR Committee

--- PAGE 39 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
37
ANNEXURE IV
DISCLOSURE  AS  REQUIRED  UNDER  SUB  RULE  2  OF  RULE  5  OF  COMPANIES  (APPOINTMENT  AND 
REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
EMPLOYED FOR FULL FINANCIAL YEAR: 2025-26
Name
Designation
Remuneration 
Gross (Rs.)
Qualifications
Date of 
Commencement 
of Employment
Total 
Experience
Age in 
Years
Last Employment
Percentage 
Equity
Mr. Rohit Relan
Chairman and 
Managing Director
Rs. 409.50 Lakhs
B.Com(hons.), F.C.A., Owner/ 
President Management 
Programme from Harvard 
Business School
06-03-1986
48 Years
70 
Years
M/S S.P. Marwah 
& Co., Chartered 
Accountants
-
Mr. Rajiv Arora
Executive Director 
& CEO
Rs.218.38 lakhs
Diploma-Tool and Die making
04-07-2024
34 years
57 
years
Uno Minda Ltd
-
Mr. Ajay Gogna
Sr. VP
Rs.137.43 lakhs
Post Diploma in Tool & Design
20-05-2024
33 years
58 
years
Varroc Japan Co Ltd
-
Mr. Akira 
Furukawa
Chief Technical 
Officer
Rs.222.39 lakhs
B.Tech (Mechanical)
04-08-2021
34 years
59 
years
Maruti Suzuki India 
Limited
-
Mr. Rishabh Relan
Whole Time 
Director
Rs. 108.52 lakhs
BSc in Industrial Engineering 
& Diploma-6 Sigma in lean 
manufacturing
16-08-2012
14 Years
35 
Years
-
-
Mr. Vinod Kumar
CFO
Rs.70.59 lakhs
Chartered Accountant
09-02-2024
21 years
47 
years
NDR Auto 
Components Ltd.
-
Mr. Ankur 
Maheshwari
CGM
Rs.62.21 lakhs
MBA (Human Resource)
04-09-2023
26 years
48 
years
SBM Offshore India 
Ltd.
-
Mr. Yogesh Bansal
V.P.
Rs.61.20 lakhs
BE(Mech.) M.Tech.-Prod
03-11-2023
29 years
55 
years
Lumax Industries Ltd
-
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar
V.P.
Rs.57.03 lakhs
EDP(Global Business strategy) 
& JLPT-Advance
01-05-2008
29 years
53 
years
-
-
EMPLOYED FOR PART OF FINANCIAL YEAR: 2025-26
Name
Designation and 
Nature of Duties
Remuneration 
Gross (Rs.)
Qualifications
Date of 
Commencement of 
Employment
Total 
Experience
Age in 
Years
Last Employment
Percentage 
Equity
Mr. Debasish Dash
AVP
Rs.59.12 lakhs
Post diploma in Plastic engg
12-05-2025
29 years
51 years
Tata Motors Ltd
-
NOTES:
1.	
Remuneration includes perquisites and Company’s contribution to provident fund.
2.	
The nature of employment of Mr. Rohit Relan, Mr. Rishabh Relan and Mr. Rajiv Arora is contractual. For the rest of 
employees, it is other than contractual.
3.	
Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director of the Company is related to Mr. Rishabh Relan, Whole time 
Director of the Company. Other than Mr. Rohit Relan and Mr. Rishabh Relan, none of the above mentioned 
employees is relative of any other director/ manager.

--- PAGE 40 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
38
ANNEXURE - V
THE RATIO OF THE REMUNERATION OF EACH DIRECTOR TO THE MEDIAN EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION 
AND OTHERS DETAIL IN TERMS OF SUB SECTION 12 OF SECTION 197 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, READ 
WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) 
RULES,
1.	
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the company for the 
financial year:
Sr. No.
Particulars
Ratio to the median remuneration (times)
i)
Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director
55
ii)
Mr. Rishabh Relan, Whole time Director
14
iii)
Mr. Rajiv Arora, Executive Director & CEO*
29
2.	
The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, 
if any, in the financial year
Sr. No
Particulars
Percentage Increase
i)
Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director
10%
ii)
Mr. Rishabh Relan, Whole time Director
10%
iii)
Mr. Rajiv Arora, Executive Director & CEO
10% 
iv)
Mr. Vinod Kumar, Chief Financial Officer
6.50%
v)
Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary
6.50%
3.	
The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year is 11.77%
4.	
Total number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2026 are 445.
5.	
Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the 
last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification 
thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial 
Particulars
Non-Managerial
Managerial
% Average increase in salaries during 2025-26
8.28 %
10%
The increase in managerial remuneration is in line with remuneration levels in the industry across the country
and befits their position.
Affirmation that the Remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.

--- PAGE 41 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
39
ANNEXURE - VI
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Bharat Seats Limited
Regd. Office: 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Bharat Seats Limited (CIN No. L34300DL1986PLC023540) (hereinafter called the Company). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ 
statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s Books, Papers, Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers,  and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications given to me and the 
representations made by the Management, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit 
period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 (“audit period”) complied with the statutory provisions listed 
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, 
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company 
for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 according to the provisions of:
i.	
The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
ii.	
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
iii.	 The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv.	 Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of 
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment, and External Commercial Borrowings. As, there 
was neither any transaction of Direct Investment, External Commercial Borrowings nor any transaction of 
Overseas Direct Investment therefore no reporting is required to be made.
v.	
The following Regulations prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
a.	
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011
b.	
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018
d.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021
e.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021;
f.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
g.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
h.	
*The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;

--- PAGE 42 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
40
i.	
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (herein after referred as SEBI LODR); and
j.	
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depository and Participants) Regulations, 2015;
* No event took place under these regulations during the audit period.
vi.	 Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as identified by the management:
a)	
Explosives Act, 1884
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has during 
the financial year ended March 31, 2026 complied with the aforesaid laws.
Based on the information received and records made available I further report that;
i.	
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non- 
Executive Directors, Independent Directors and Women Directors. There were no change in composition of 
Board during the year.
ii.	
Adequate notice(s) were given to all directors regarding holdings of Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed 
notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance to all Directors. A system exists for seeking and 
obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting;
iii.	 All the decisions at the Board Meetings and Committee meetings were carried through with requisite majority 
as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case 
may be. The dissenting members’ views, if any, were captured and recorded as part of the minutes.
iv.	 As per the records, the Company has generally filed relevant forms, returns, documents and resolutions as 
were required to be filed with the Registrar of Companies and other authorities and all the formalities relating 
to the same is in compliance with the Act.
v.	
There are adequate systems & processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations & guidelines.
I have checked the compliance management system of the Company to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
adequacy of systems in place to ensure compliance of specifically applicable laws and this verification was done 
on test basis. I believe that the audit evidence which I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for my audit opinion. Except elsewhere mentioned in this report, in my opinion and to the best of my information 
and according to explanations given to me, I believe that the compliance management system of the Company is 
adequate to ensure compliance of laws specifically applicable to the Company except as stated below:
-	
In compliance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2nd July, 2025 the 
company has published one advertisement between July to December 2025.
I further report that during the audit period, no major events/ actions have taken place having a major bearing on 
the Company’s affairs in pursuance to the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc. except 
that:
-	
During the period under review the promoter of the company namely Mr. Rohit Relan, Ms. Ritu Relan, Mr. 
Rishabh Relan, Mr. Pranav Relan and Mr. Ayush Relan transferred their shares to a family trust consequent 
upon exemption under Regulation 11 of the SAST Regulations obtained from SEBI. Thus, there was a change 
in the control of the company from Individual Promoters to a Family Trust.  
The shareholders of the company has passed following major decisions in its meeting or through postal ballot:

--- PAGE 43 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
41
a)	
At Annual General Meeting held on July 9, 2025:
i)	
Approved the appointment of Mr. Rupinder Singh Bhatia as Secretarial Auditor for five years.
ii)	
Approved Material Related Party Transactions with Maruti Suzuki India Limited.
iii)	 Approved Material Related Party Transactions with NDR Auto Components Limited.
iv)	 Approved Material Related Party Transactions with Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited.
b)	
Through postal ballot on 13th March, 2026
i)	
Approved Material Related Party Transactions with Maruti Suzuki India Limited.
Place	:	 New Delhi 
Date	 :	 04/05/2026
Rupinder Singh Bhatia 
Practicing Company Secretary 
CP No. 2514
UDIN: F002599H000269019 
Peer Review No.: 1496/2021
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral 
part of this report.

--- PAGE 44 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
42
Annexure – A
The Board of Directors
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
Regd. Off.: 1, Nelson Mandela Road,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070
CIN No:  L34300DL1986PLC023540
My Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this letter. My report of even date is to be read along 
with this letter.
1.	
Maintenance of record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on those records based on our audit.
2.	
I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on text basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide 
a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.	
Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws; rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
4.	
The compliance of the provisions of SEBI laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. 
Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
5.	
As regards the books, papers, forms, reports and returns filed by the Company under these regulations, the 
adherence and compliance to the requirements of the said regulations is the responsibility of management. Our 
examinations was limited to checking the execution and timeliness of the filing of various forms, reports, returns 
and documents that need to be filed by the Company under the said regulations. We have verified the correctness 
and coverage of the contents of such forms, returns and documents.
Place	:	 New Delhi 
Date	 :	 04/05/2026
Rupinder Singh Bhatia 
Practicing Company Secretary 
CP No. 2514
UDIN: F002599H000269019 
Peer Review No.: 1496/2021

--- PAGE 45 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
43
REPORT ON MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
According to the World Bank, global growth in 2025 averaged 2.7%, shaped by offsetting forces like trade policy 
headwinds on one side and the fading impact of monetary easing, fiscal support, and technology investments on the 
other. While the post-pandemic recovery was strong, it remained uneven and came at the cost of elevated inflation and 
debt. Inflation moderated across most economies, moving closer to central bank targets, with interest rates beginning 
to decline. Growth in advanced economies proved resilient despite rising trade tensions and policy uncertainty.
The United States benefited from relative demand resilience and investment in advanced manufacturing and technology, 
while Europe faced persistent industrial softness amid energy transition costs and external demand constraints. For 
industrial supply chains, this environment translated into more selective capital flows and a higher premium on reliability, 
quality execution, and localisation. Global economic conditions in 2025 presented a mix of downsides and upsides. 
Trade tensions, tighter financial conditions and heightened geopolitical stress, and the risks of natural disasters. At 
the same time, private sector adaptation helped reduce the drag from higher trade barriers, while technology led 
investments supported productivity gains.
Due to robust domestic demand, rationalisation of income and goods and services taxes, and the front loading of 
government capital expenditure. India continues to stand out as one of the world’s fastest growing major economies, 
well positioned to sustain this momentum. While global growth remained steady but below historical averages, India’s 
growth profile continued to be supported by infrastructure spending, services strength, and steady manufacturing 
activity creating a structurally attractive environment for engineering-intensive companies.
Overall, the Automobile industry will closely monitor macroeconomic factors and global geopolitics, which will determine 
the key demand conditions and supply chain dynamics going forward.
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENT
The Indian automobile industry is segmented into various categories including passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, 
two-wheelers, and three-wheelers. Passenger vehicles consist of cars, utility vehicles, and vans, while commercial 
vehicles include trucks, buses, and other utility vehicles.
India’s automotive industry in FY2025 reflected a normalisation pattern – certain segments moderated after strong 
growth in the earlier recovery phase, while structural drivers continued to reshape platform requirements. Passenger 
vehicles remained supported by a GST moderation, SUV-led mix, urban consumption resilience, and expanding model 
portfolios. Two-wheelers showed gradual recovery, with rural demand sensitivity influenced by income cycles and 
financing conditions. Commercial vehicles moderated in line with freight cycle normalisation. While global growth 
remained steady but below historical averages, India’s growth profile continued to be supported by infrastructure 
spending, services strength, and steady manufacturing activity creating a structurally attractive environment for 
engineering-intensive companies.
In Electric Passenger Vehicles, while battery electric vehicles (BEVs) are seeing adoption, hybrid electric vehicles 
(HEVs) and plug-in hybrids (PHEVs) have seen a resurgence due to their ability to offer immediate emission reductions 
without relying on extensive, yet-to-be-developed charging infrastructure.
The Indian automotive market continues to be healthy in this turbulent scenario. Ownership of cars, scooters and 
tractors are much below global averages, on a per capita basis. As the Indian economy continues to grow, this ratio will 
increase and lead to healthy demand for vehicles. The market has also been positively impacted by the optimization in 
GST that has lowered prices for the retail buyer. India is one of the few regions in the world where both the traditional 
Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) vehicles and EVs are expected to grow well in the next 3-5 years. 
Maruti Suzuki India Limited is the bellwether of the Indian passenger vehicle industry and for the financial year 2025-26 
the Company achieved its highest ever sales. Affordability and practicality are the hallmarks of Maruti Suzuki vehicles, 
making them a popular choice among car buyers. The company has built a strong reputation for manufacturing vehicles 
that are not only affordable in terms of their purchase price but also in terms of their maintenance costs.
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS
The automotive sector is one of the most important and rapidly developing sectors in the economy. The automotive 
industry has had a lasting impact on society, starting as a steam-powered carriage and continuing through the new age 
of electric and autonomous automobiles. Technologies has changed the way we travel, live, and work, bringing people 
and places closer together than before.

--- PAGE 46 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
44
The use of electric cars (EVs) is anticipated to rise as a result of growing environmental concerns and governmental 
efforts to minimise carbon emissions. Optimization of fuel-driven combustion engines and cost efficiency programs are 
excellent opportunities for the automobile market. Emerging markets will be the primary growth drivers for a long time 
to come, and hence fuel-efficient cars are the need of the hour. The increased availability of data and information, shift 
in consumer demand, and expanded regulatory requirements for safety and fuel economy will fuel the growth of this 
industry.
There are ample opportunities for growth, particularly in the electric vehicle segment, where the government is offering 
incentives and subsidies to promote adoption.  Over the next decade, this will lead to newer verticals and opportunities 
for auto component manufacturers.
Despite these opportunities, India’s automotive sector faces structural challenges. Although the country is the fourth 
largest automobile producer globally, its share in the $20 billion global automotive component trade remains modest 
at around 3%, with particularly low representation in high precision segments such as engine components, drive 
transmission, and steering systems. Operational costs, infrastructural gaps, moderate integration into global value 
chains, and limited R&D expenditure continue to constrain competitiveness. Addressing these challenges will be critical 
for India to strengthen its position in the global automotive ecosystem and fully leverage the opportunities presented by 
electrification and digital transformation.
SEGMENT WISE/ PRODUCT WISE PERFORMANCE
The Company is currently operating primarily under a single business segment manufacturing complete seating 
systems and interior components for passenger Cars as well as Utility Vehicles.
RESEARCH. DEVELOPMENT (R&D)
R&D team is backbone of any business house irrespective of segment. This is the team that works on products 
packed with advanced technologies and processes, conceiving the product and preparing it to be commercialized. The 
Company is working on the following different product portfolios:
a)	
Seating System design & development for passenger cars
b)	
NVH components like Floor carpet, Silencer Dash Inner, Silencer Dash Outer, Cover Motor Under, Fender Lining, 
Wheel Housing Cover, etc. for passenger car.
c)	
Design & Development for extrusion products like Roof Molding and Molding Windshield for passenger car 
d)	
Seating system design & development for 2-Wheelers.
e)	
Design & Development of Rear Door for passenger cars
Besides all above Company is continuingly engaged in Value Engineering and Value analysis (VA- VE) in process, 
creating design and development standard for each commodity, developing expertise knowledge in fabric lay-outing 
called “nesting” to increase yield, etc. for value addition.
Technical Show: This year your company demonstrated multiple new innovative products including new 2nd row multi-
functional Captain seat, new insulation (V-Wave), Ambient lighting, and Tonneau cover.
RISK AND CONCERNS
The Company is exposed to external and internal risks associated with the business.
BUSINESS RISK
The automotive industry faces significant business risks including supply chain disruptions, labour shortages, regulatory 
challenges, emissions targets, political instability, economic uncertainty and technological and market shifts.
FINANCIAL RISK
There are several financial risks, including slow sales growth, increased competition, the potential for new tariffs, and 
economic uncertainty.
The company’s sales and margins are subject to the market factors that affect Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. and Suzuki 
Motorcycle India Private Ltd. Any disruption of supply chain, availability of raw material could potentially impact its 
financial position and earnings.

--- PAGE 47 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
45
The Company is exposed to the risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency rates, import duties and taxes.
Your Company reviews forward exchange contracts/ derivative contracts on a regular basis to analyze foreign exchange 
exposure and confirms that the Company has a Risk Management policy, with a clause on foreign exchange risk 
management in place.
Both the operational and financial risks are constantly assessed, and adequate steps are taken from time to time to 
mitigate them successfully.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Company has an adequate system of internal controls to ensure that transactions are properly authorized, recorded, 
and reported, apart from safeguarding its assets. The internal control system is supplemented by well-documented 
policies, guidelines and procedures and reviews carried out by the Company’s internal audit function, which submits 
reports periodically to the Management and the Audit Committee of the Board.
Your Company has a favorable work environment that motivates performance, customer focus and innovation while 
adhering to the highest degree of quality and integrity.
DISCLOSURE OF ACCOUNTING TREATMENT
The Company has complied with all the provisions of the accounting standards in accordance with Section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
HUMAN RESOURCES/ INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
Your Company believes that employees are key for our success, have immense knowledge and power of innovation. 
Your Company aims to create an environment where every employee can contribute to the company’s performance, 
excel and grow in their respective jobs. Our focus is to recruit employees with right skills and talent, raise competency 
through training and development, recognize and reward leadership and performance. Several measures are 
implemented to retain the talent within the organization. At each location, the work force goes through a mandatory 
training plan including the vision, mission and company values which forms a base for treating everybody with dignity 
and respect. To further strengthen and motivate our employees, several initiatives are taken on a continuous basis  to 
foster teamwork, trust and communication across the organization. Employees are encouraged to have a passion for 
excellence and focus on the customer with a performance goal of doing things right first time and every time. Your 
Company provides challenging and fulfilling opportunities to maximize employee potential so that every employee 
excels and grows along with Company’s growth.
Your Company ensures quality at our suppliers and service providers by horizontal deployment of learnings and training 
at our supplier partners.
In addition to timely delivery and quality, your Company’s utmost focus is on the safety of its workforce.
Health, Safety and the Environment remain our top priority. Periodic audits are carried out both internally as well as 
through external agencies to identify gaps and to define action items for continuous improvement, ensuring a safe 
workplace for employees. The total number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March 2026 
are 445.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The Company continued its focus on lean operations and cost optimization through several measures.
The details of the financial performance of the company appear in the Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss Account and other 
financial statements forming part of this Annual report. For financial highlights please refer to the heading ‘FINANCIAL 
RESULTS’ of the Board’s Report.

--- PAGE 48 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
46
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
Changes in key financial ratios are as under:
Sr. 
No.
Ratios
Unit
2025-2026
2024-2025
% change
1
Debtors Turnover
Times
8.48
8.59
-1.28%
2
Inventory Turnover
Times
33.73
27.08
24.56%
3
Interest Coverage Ratio*#
Times
10.27
8.87
15.78%
4
Current Ratio
Times
0.88
0.80
10%
5
Debt Equity Ratio #
Times
0.48
0.78
-38.46%
6
Operating Profit Margin**
%
4.10
4.10
-
7
Net Profit Margin
%
2.16
2.54
14.96%
8
Return on Net worth##
%
16.81
16.81
-
*Earnings before interest, depreciation, tax and amortization (EBIDTA) have been considered for coverage ratio.
**Operating profit is earning before interest and tax (EBIT)
# Interest coverage ratio has increased, and Debt Equity ratio has decreased on account of repayment of loan and 
increase in the profitability.
## Return on net worth has been calculated on PAT and shareholder’s fund
There is an upwards trend, compared to last year due to an overall upswing in sales primarily due to more off-take by 
MSIL. 
DISCLAIMER
Statements in this Report, particularly those which relate to Management Discussion and Analysis as explained in the 
Corporate Governance Report, describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates and expectations may 
constitute ‘forward looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results might differ 
materially from those either expressed or implied in the statement depending on the circumstances.

--- PAGE 49 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
47
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
(FORMING PART OF THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026)
1.	
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
	
Governance is a reflection of the culture and values of a company’s board and management. Good governance 
in a company enhances the confidence, trust and enthusiasm of its stakeholders. For ensuring sound corporate 
governance practices, the Government of India has put in place a framework based on the stipulations contained 
under the Companies Act, Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Regulations, Accounting Standards, 
Secretarial Standards, etc. Today’s market-oriented economy and globalization drive the demand for high quality 
of governance practices.
	
Good governance practices is a norm at Bharat Seats. The Company has established systems, procedures and 
policies to ensure that its Board of Directors is well informed and well equipped to discharge its overall responsibilities 
and provide the management with the strategic direction catering to exigency of long-term shareholders value.
2.	
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(a)	 Composition of the Board
As on 31st March, 2026, the Board of Directors comprised of ten Directors, with an Executive Director and 
Promoter as Chairman and Managing Director.
There were three Executive Directors of the Company, viz the Chairman and Managing Director, Whole 
Time Director & Chief Executive Officer, and one Whole Time Director. The remaining seven Directors were 
non-executive Directors, out of which five Directors were independent. There were two Independent women 
Directors. The number of Independent Directors was fifty percent of the total number of Directors.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd., co-promoter and major customer of the Company, has nominated one non- executive 
Director on the Board of the Company. Also, Suzuki Motor Corporation, co-promoter has nominated one non- 
executive Director on the Board of the Company.
The Company is in compliance with the Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (hereinafter referred to as: LODR Regulations), pertaining to composition of Board.
The day-to-day management of the Company is conducted by the Chairman and Managing Director along 
with two other Executive Directors, subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors.
All directors, other than Independent Directors and Chairman and Managing Director, are liable to retire by 
rotation.
(b)	 Number of Board Meetings and dates on which held
	
During 2025-26, the Board met five times on 07th May, 2025, 29th July, 2025, 5th November, 2025, 03rd 
February, 2026 and 24th March, 2026. The maximum gap between two Board meetings was less than one 
hundred twenty days.
(c)	 Attendance of Directors at the meeting of the board of directors and the last Annual General meeting
	
Attendance record of the Directors at the board meetings and at the last annual general meeting is as under:
NAME OF DIRECTOR
AGM held on 
09th
July, 2025
Date of the Board Meetings held during the year
NO. OF BOARD 
MEETINGS 
ATTENDED(TOTAL 
MEETINGS HELD 5)
% of
Attendance
07/05/2025
29/07/2025
05/11/2025
03/02/2026
24/03/2026
MR. ROHIT RELAN
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR. MAKOTO KUNIEDA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
  100%
MR. C.V. RAMAN
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MRS. NISHA MALHOTRA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR SANJAY BHATTACHARYYA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR SUDHIR MAHESHWARI
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MS. VANITA CHHABRA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR. SARTHAK BEHURIA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR. RISHABH RELAN
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%
MR. RAJIV ARORA
YES
√
√
√
√
√
5
100%

--- PAGE 50 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
48
Video Conferencing facilities were provided for the Directors to facilitate them to participate in the meetings. The 
Chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee attended the Annual General Meeting.
(d)	 Details of Other Directorships/ Committee Memberships
	
All the Directors have made necessary disclosures regarding their directorships and other interests as 
required under section 184 of the Companies Act, 2013 and on the Committee, positions held by them in 
other Companies. None of the directors hold directorship in more 20 Indian Companies with not more than 10 
public limited companies and none of the directors hold directorships in more than 7 listed entities. None of 
the Independent directors serve as independent director in more than seven listed entities. Further neither of 
director serve as member of more than 10 committees nor do any of them serve as Chairperson of more than 
five Committees across all the public limited companies in which they are directors. The Managing Director 
and CEO do not serve as Independent Director on any listed company.
	
Details of Directors, category of Directors, No. of other Directorship/ Committee membership held by them as 
on 31st March, 2026 are given below:
SR. 
NO.
NAME OF THE 
DIRECTORS (DIN)
DESIGNATION
CATEGORY
DETAILS OF DIRECTORSHIP OF OTHER 
LISTED ENTITIES AND CATEGORY OF 
DIRECTORSHIP
NO. OF OUTSIDE 
DIRECTORSHIP
NUMBER OF OUTSIDE 
COMMITTEE POSITIONS HELD
NO.OF 
SHARES 
HELD IN BSL
PUBLIC
PRIVATE
AS MEMBER
AS 
CHAIRMAN
1
MR. ROHIT 
RELAN 
DIN:00257572
CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR
PROMOTER/ 
EXECUTIVE/ NON- 
INDEPENDENT
NDR Auto 
Components 
Limited
Non-executive 
Non- Independent
1
4
1
-
-
2
MR. MAKOTO 
KUNIEDA
DIN: 10260765
DIRECTOR
NOMINEE – SUZUKI 
MOTOR CORPORATION 
NON-EXECUTIVE/ NON- 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
-
1
-
-
-
3
MR. C.V. RAMAN 
DIN:07093663
DIRECTOR
NOMINEE – MARUTI 
SUZUKI INDIA LTD. 
NON-EXECUTIVE / NON- 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
2
3
-
-
-
4
MS. NISHA 
MALHOTRA
DIN: 09428727
DIRECTOR
NON-EXECUTIVE/ 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
5
MR. SANJAY 
BHATTACHARYYA 
DIN: 10449854
DIRECTOR
NON-EXECUTIVE/ 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
6
MR. SUDHIR 
MAHESHWARI 
DIN: 00649505
DIRECTOR
NON-EXECUTIVE/ 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
-
1
-
-
-
7
MS. VANITA 
CHHABRA
DIN: 02161276
DIRECTOR
NON-EXECUTIVE/ 
INDEPENDENT
NDR Auto 
Components 
Limited
Non-executive- 
Independent
1
1
1
-
-
8
MR. SARTHAK 
BEHURIA
DIN: 03290288
DIRECTOR
NON-EXECUTIVE/ 
INDEPENDENT
The Supreme 
Industries 
Ltd BLS 
International 
Services Ltd.
Director
5
2
2
1
-
9
MR. RISHABH 
RELAN
DIN: 07726444
WHOLETIME 
DIRECTOR
EXECUTIVE/ NON- 
INDEPENDENT
NDR Auto 
Components 
Limited
Non-executive 
Non- Independent
1
2
1
-
 -
10.
MR. RAJIV 
ARORA
DIN: 07976398
Whole Time 
Director and CEO
EXECUTIVE/ NON- 
INDEPENDENT
-
-
-
1
-
-
-
	
NOTES:
	
The Committees considered for the purpose are those prescribed under Regulation 26(1)(b) of the LODR 
Regulations 2015.
	
All the relevant information required to be placed before the Board of Directors as per Regulation 17(7) of 
LODR Regulations were duly placed and were duly considered and taken on record / approved by the Board.
	
Further, the Board periodically reviews Compliance Reports in respect of laws and regulations applicable to 
the Company.

--- PAGE 51 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
49
Succession Plan
The Board of Directors has satisfied itself that plans are in place for orderly succession for appointment to the
Board of Directors and senior management.
(e)	 Relationship between directors inter-se
There is no relationship between the directors except that:
(i)	
Mr. Rohit Relan and Mr. Rishabh Relan are relatives;
(ii)	 Mr. C. V. Raman and Mr. Makoto Kunieda are nominees of Maruti Suzuki India Limited and Suzuki Motor 
Corporation respectively.
The independent Directors do not have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, 
its Directors and its senior management personnel which may affect their independence, except for the Sitting 
fees, drawn for attending the meetings of the Board and Committee(s) thereof.
(f)	 Number of Shares and convertible instruments held by Non-Executive Directors
No shares are held by non-executive Directors.
There are no convertible instruments issued by the Company.
(g)	 Familiarisation Programme
	
The Company follows familiarisation programmes through various reports/ codes/ policies for all the Directors. 
The details of familiarization programme have been posted on the website of the Company under the web link 
https://bharatseats.com/details-of-familiarisation-programme-imparted-to-independent-directors/  
(h)	 Key Board Skills, Expertise and Competence
The Board comprises qualified members who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise that 
allows them to make effective contribution to the Board and its Committees.
In view of the objectives and activities of our Business, the Company requires skills/ expertise/ competencies in 
the areas of Finance, Regulatory, Strategy, Business Leadership, Automotive Technology, Human Resources, 
risk and Governance.
The Board is satisfied that the current composition reflects an appropriate mix of knowledge, skills, experience, 
diversity and independence required for it to function effectively. The Board periodically evaluates the need for 
change in its composition and size.
Core skills/expertise/competencies of the Board Members
The Members of the Board are committed to ensuring that the Board is in compliance with the highest standard 
of Corporate Governance. In terms of the requirement of the Listing Regulation, the Board has identified 
the following skills/expertise/competencies fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company, which 
are currently available with the Board along with the names of the Directors, who have such skill/expertise/ 
competence, are given below:-
	
Business & Industry
Domain Knowledge in Business and understanding of business environment, optimising the development in 
the industry for improving Company’s business.
Financial Expertise
Financial and risk management, Internal control, Experience of complex financial reporting processes, 
taxation, Capital allocation, resource utilisation, Understanding of Financial policies and accounting statement 
and assessing economic conditions.
Governance & Compliance
Experience in developing governance practices, serving the best interests of all stakeholders, maintaining 
board and management accountability, building long term effective stakeholder engagements and driving 
corporate ethics and values.

--- PAGE 52 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
50
Administration and Government relations
Sr. No.
Name of the Director
Skills
1
Mr. Rohit Relan,
Chairman and Managing Director
Business & Industry, Financial Expertise, 
Governance & Compliance
2
Mr. Makoto Kunieda
Business & Industry
3
Mr. C.V. Raman
Business & Industry
4
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Administration and Government relations, 
Governance & Compliance
5
Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya
Administration and Government relations, 
Governance & Compliance
6
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari
Financial Expertise, Governance & Compliance
7
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Business & Industry, Financial Expertise, 
Governance & Compliance
8
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
Business & Industry, Financial Expertise, 
Governance & Compliance
9
Mr. Rishabh Relan,
Whole Time Director
Business & Industry, Financial Expertise, 
Governance & Compliance
10
Mr. Rajiv Arora,
Whole Time Director and CEO 
Business & Industry, Financial Expertise, 
Governance & Compliance
(i)	 Independent Directors
	
The term Independent Director has been defined under Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules 
framed under Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations.
	
Based on the disclosures received from all the Independent Directors and also in the opinion of the Board, 
the Independent Directors meet the criteria of ‘Independence’ specified in the Regulation 16(1) of the LODR 
Regulations and section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed there under and are independent 
of the management as required under Regulation 25 of the LODR Regulations.
	
The Company has complied with the provisions with respect to appointment and terms of appointment of 
Independent Directors which are consistent with the Act and Listing Regulations. The Independent Directors 
on the Board of the Company are given formal appointment letter inter άlia containing the terms of appointment, 
role, duties and responsibilities etc. The terms and conditions of appointment are disclosed on the website at 
https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/terms-of-appt-ind-director2024.pdf.
	
None of the Independent Directors have resigned before the expiry of their respective tenures during the year 
under review.
	
A separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on March 24, 2026 without the attendance of non- 
independent Directors and other members of the Management. All the Independent Directors took part in the 
discussion. At the said meeting, the Independent Directors reviewed the performance of non-independent 
directors, the Board as a whole and the Chairman of the Company. They also assessed the quality, quantity, 
timeliness of the flow of information and adequacy of information between the Company’s management and 
the Board.
(j)	 Performance Evaluation of Directors
	
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board reviewed the criteria laid down for the performance 
evaluation of all Directors. The performance evaluation has been done by the entire Board of Directors, except 
the Director concerned being evaluated.
(k)	 Board’s Functioning and Procedures
	
The Board plays a pivotal role in ensuring good governance. Its style of functioning is democratic. The 
Members of the Board have always had complete freedom to express their opinion and decisions are taken 
on the basis of a consensus arrived at after detailed discussion. The members are also free to bring up any 
matter for discussion at the Board Meetings with the permission of the Chairman.

--- PAGE 53 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
51
	
The Board’s role, functions, responsibility and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary 
role of setting corporate goals and monitoring corporate performance, it directs and guides the activities of 
the management towards the set goals and seeks accountability with a view to ensure that the corporate 
philosophy and mission viz., to create long term sustainable growth that translates itself into progress, 
prosperity and the fulfilment of stakeholders’ aspirations, is accomplished. It also sets standards of corporate 
behaviour and ensures ethical behaviour at all times and strict compliance with Laws and Regulations.
	
The required information including information as enumerated in Regulation 17(7) read together with Part A of 
Schedule II of the LODR Regulations is made available to the Board of Directors.
	
All the items on the agenda are accompanied by notes giving comprehensive information on the related 
subject and in certain matters such as financial/business plans, financial results, detailed presentations are 
made. The agenda and the relevant notes are sent in advance separately to each Director to enable the Board 
to take informed decisions.
	
The minutes of the meetings of the Board are individually given to all directors for their comments, if any 
and are noted at the subsequent Board Meeting. The Minutes of the various Committees of the Board are 
also individually given to the respective Committee members and thereafter tabled for noting purpose at the 
subsequent Board Meeting, in compliance with Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:
	
The Board Committees are set up by the Board and play a crucial role in the governance structure of the 
Company and deal with specific areas of concern for the Company that need a closer review. The Committees 
operate under the direct supervision of the Board and the Chairpersons of the respective Committees report 
to the Board about the deliberations and decisions taken by the Committees. The recommendations of the 
Committees are submitted to the Board for approval. The Minutes of the meetings of all Committees of the 
Board are placed before the Board for noting purpose.
	
The Company has five Committees of the Board:
1)	
Audit Committee
2)	
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
3)	
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and
4)	
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
5)	
Securities Allotment Committee
	
The composition of the various Committees of the Board of Directors is available on the website at:  https://
bharatseats.com/board-of-directors-2/ 
3.	
AUDIT COMMITTEE
	
The Company has an Audit Committee and Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari, Chairman of the Audit Committee is 
a Non- Executive Independent Director of the Board who has relevant accounting and financial expertise. 
The composition and terms of reference of the Audit Committee is in compliance with Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and with Regulation 18(1) of the SEBI(LODR) Regulations. The Audit Committee acts 
as a link between the statutory and internal auditors and the Board of Directors. It addresses itself to matters 
pertaining to adequacy of internal controls, reliability of financial statements/ other management information, 
adequacy of provisions for liabilities, and whether the audit tests are appropriate and scientifically carried 
out and that they are aligned with the realities of the business, adequacy of disclosures, compliance with 
all relevant statutes and other facets of Company’s operation that are of vital concern to the Company. In 
particular, the role of Audit Committee includes the following:
(a)	 Functions of the Audit Committee
i)	
Oversight of the company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information 
to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
ii)	
Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
Company;
iii)	 Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
iv)	 Reviewing with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon before

--- PAGE 54 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
52
submission to the board for approval, with particular reference to:
a.	
Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s 
report in terms of clause (c) of sub- section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
b.	
Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
c.	
Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
d.	
Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
e.	
Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
f.	
Disclosure of any related party transactions;
g.	
Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
v)	
Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the board for 
approval;
vi)	 Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue (public 
issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated 
in the offer document/ prospectus/ notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the 
utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to 
take up steps in this matter;
vii)	 Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
viii)	 Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
ix)	 Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, wherever it is necessary;
x)	
Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
xi)	 Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal 
control systems;
xii)	 Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit department, 
staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit;
xiii)	 Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on;
xiv)	 Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control system of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the board;
xv)	 Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well 
as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
xvi)	 To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
xvii)	To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower mechanism;
xviii)	Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the whole- time Finance Director or any other person heading the 
finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, 
etc. of the candidate;
xix)	 Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.
xx)	 Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary 
exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing 
loans/ advances/ investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision.
xxi)	 consider and comment on rationale, cost benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders.

--- PAGE 55 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
53
(b)	 Powers of Audit Committee
i)	
To investigate any activity within its terms of reference.
ii)	
To seek information from any employee.
iii)	 To obtain outside legal or other professional advice.
iv)	 To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary.
(c)	 Review of information by Audit Committee
	
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:
i)	
Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
ii)	
Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
iii)	 Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and
iv)	 The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief internal auditor shall be subject to 
review by the Audit Committee.
v)	
Statement of deviations:
(a)	 Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to 
stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1).
(b)	 Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/ 
prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7).
vi)	 To frame and review the policies in relation to the implementation of the Bharat Seats Code of Conduct 
for Prevention of Insider Trading and to supervise implementation of the same.
	
The meetings of Audit Committee were held five times on 07th May, 2025, 29th July, 2025, 5th November, 
2025, 03rd February, 2026 and 24th March, 2026. The maximum gap between two meetings was less 
than one hundred twenty days.
	
The composition of the Audit Committee and the meetings attended by the members during the year are 
as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Name
Category
Designation
No. of 
meeting 
held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
1
Mr. Sudhir 
Maheshwari
Non-Executive / Independent 
Director
Chairman
5
5
2
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Non-Executive / Independent 
Director
Member
5
5
3
Mr. Sanjay 
Bhattacharyya
Non-Executive / Independent 
Director
Member
5
5
4
Mr. Rishabh Relan
Executive/ Non-Independent
Member
5
5
	
The meetings of the Audit Committee are/ were also attended by the Chairman and Managing Director, 
Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer, Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors as Special Invitees 
as and when required. The Chairman of the Audit Committee attended the last Annual General Meeting 
to answer the shareholders’ queries. Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the 
Committee.

--- PAGE 56 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
54
4.	
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
	
The meeting of Nomination and Remuneration Committee was held on 29th July, 2025 and 5th November, 2025.
	
The composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Name
Category
Designation
No. of 
meetings 
held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
1
Mr. Sanjay 
Bhattacharyya
Non-Executive / Independent 
Director
Chairman
2
2
2
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Non-Executive /Independent 
Director
Member
2
2
3
Mr. Sudhir 
Maheshwari
Non-Executive /Independent 
Director
Member
2
2
4
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Non-Executive /Independent 
Director
Member
2
2
	
Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
	
Remuneration policy
	
The Committee’s constitution and terms of reference are in compliance with the provisions of section 178 of the 
Companies Act and Part D of Schedule II of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015 besides other terms as may be 
referred by the Board of Directors. The policy is available on the website at :
	
https://bharatseats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/3.-Nomination-and-Remuneration-Policy.pdf The terms of 
reference include:
(a)	 Formulation of criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director and 
Remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management and recommending the 
same to the Board and
(b)	 Identification of persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior 
Management in accordance with the criteria as per the policy approved by the Board. The policy of the 
company is to remain competitive in the industry, to attract and retain the best talent and appropriately reward 
employed for their individual performance and contribution to the business.
(c)	 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee lays down the criteria for the performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors and other Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors.
	
The Non-Executive Director do not draw any remuneration from the company except the sitting fees which were 
paid at a rate of Rs. 60,000/- for each meeting of the Board/Committee of the Board attended by them during the 
financial year.
	
The details of salary, perquisites (including contribution to Provident Fund) and sitting fees paid to directors are 
given as under:
Name
Position
Gross Remuneration (in Rs.)
Sitting Fee (Rs. in 
Lakhs)
Mr. Rohit Relan
Chairman and 
Managing 
Director
Salary
2,52,00,000
-
Allowances and Perquisites
1,26,00,000
-
Post Employment Benefits
31,50,000
-
Total
4,09,50,000
-
Mr. Makoto Kunieda
Director
-
-
Mr. C.V. Raman*
Director
-
3.00
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Director
-
12.00
Mr. Sudhir 
Maheshwari
Director
-
10.20
Mr. Sanjay 
Bhattacharyya
Director
9.60
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
Director
7.80

--- PAGE 57 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
55
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Director
9.00
Mr. Rishabh Relan
Whole Time 
Director
Salary
67,04,107
-
Allowances and Perquisites
33,52,054
Post Employment Benefits
7,95,854
Total
 1,08,52,015
Mr. Rajiv Arora
Whole Time 
Director and 
CEO
Salary
2,04,08,660
-
Allowances and Perquisites
Post Employment Benefits
14,29,333
Total
2,18,37,993
*Paid to Maruti Suzuki India Limited, of which Mr. C.V. Raman is a nominee director.
	
Senior Management Personnel
	
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company defines Senior Management of the Company. Below is 
the list of Senior Management Personnel of the Company as on 31st March 2026:
Sr. No.
Name of Senior Management Personnel
Designation
1
Mr. Akira Furukawa
Chief Technical Officer
2
Mr. Suman Yadav*
Sr. Vice President, Operations
3
Mr. Yogesh Bansal
Vice President - Operations
4
Mr. Sanjeev Kawatra
Vice President - Business Development and 
Marketing
5
Mr. Ankur Maheshwari
Chief Human Resources Officer
6
Mr. Bhaskar Kumar**
AVP Purchase & SCM
7
Mr. Anuj Yadav
General Manager - Corporate Quality Assurance
8
Mr. Naresh Yadav
Associate Vice President – Information 
Technology
	
During the year ended March 31, 2026, Mr. Pratap Ranjan Sahoo, CGM, Head of Purchase & SCM Department 
resigned with effect from the close of business hours of 16th May, 2025.
	
*Mr. Suman Yadav Sr. Vice President, Operations was designated as Senior Management Personnel w.e.f. July 
29, 2025.
	
**Mr. Bhaskar Kumar AVP Purchase & SCM Department was designated as Senior Management Personnel w.e.f. 
November 05, 2025.
5.	
STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
	
In compliance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and Regulation 20 of 
SEBI (LODR), 2015, the Company has duly constituted a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (SRC).The SRC 
Constitution Charter elaborates in detail the constitution, manner of meetings and roles and responsibilities of 
SRC.
	
Stakeholders Relationship Committee is primarily responsible with various matters relating to: -
•	
Overall review of Transfer of shares.
•	
Issue of duplicate share certificate.
•	
Review of shares dematerialized and all other related matters.
•	
Monitors expeditious redressal of shareholders’ grievances.
•	
Review of measures for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders
•	
Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being 
rendered by the Registrar and share transfer agent and overseeing their performance.
•	
Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed 
dividend and ensuring timely receipt of dividend/ annual reports by the shareholders of the Company
•	
And such other terms of reference as may be prescribed by law from time to time.

--- PAGE 58 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
56
	
The meetings were held on 07th May, 2025, 29th July, 2025, 5th November, 2025, and 03rd February, 2026. The 
composition of the Committee and the details regarding meetings held and attended are given as under:
S. 
No.
Name
Category
Status
No. of 
meetings 
held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
1.
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
Non-Executive/Independent Director
Chairman
4
4
2.
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Non-Executive/Independent Director
Member
4
4
3.
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari
Non-Executive/Independent Director
Member
4
4
4.
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Non-Executive/Independent Director
Member
4
4
	
Details of the status of the Complaints received during the year in the following statement:
S. No.
Received
Resolved
Pending
Complaints
1
1
nil
	
Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer as per Regulation 6 of LODR Regulations, 
2015. There are no shares pending for transfer as on 31st March, 2026 except those cases where there were 
discrepancies which were timely pointed out to the concerned stakeholders. The Chairman of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee attended the last Annual General Meeting to answer the shareholders’ queries.
6.	
SECURITIES ALLOTMENT COMMITTEE
	
No meeting of the Securities Allotment Committee was held during the period under review.
	
The composition of the Committee  is as under:
S. 
No.
Name
Category
Status
1.
Mr. Rohit Relan
Executive Director
Chairperson
2.
Mr. Rajiv Arora
Executive Director
Member
3.
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Member
4.
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Member
7.	
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) COMMITTEE
	
The Committee’s constitution and terms of reference are in compliance with the provisions of the Section 135 
of The Companies Act, 2013, which includes recommending to the Board, indicating the activities of CSR to be 
undertaken.
	
The composition of the committee and the details regarding date of meeting held and attended are given as under: 
Meeting held on 07th May, 2025, 29th July, 2025, and 5th November, 2025.
S. 
No.
Name
Category
Status
No. of 
meetings 
held
No. of 
meetings 
attended
1.
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Chairperson
3
3
2.
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Member
3
3
3.
Mr. Sanjay 
Bhattacharyya
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Member
3
3
4.
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
Non-Executive/ Independent Director
Member
3
3

--- PAGE 59 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
57
8.	
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
	
Details of Annual General Meetings held during the last three years:
Year
Date
Time
Venue
Whether Special 
Resolution passed
2025
09.07.2025
11 a.m.
Video Conferencing/ Other Audio video means(VC/ 
OAVM)(with deemed venue at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070
No
2024
18.07.2024
11 a.m.
Video Conferencing/ Other Audio video means(VC/ 
OAVM)(with deemed venue at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070
Yes
2023
18.07.2023
11 a.m.
Video Conferencing/ Other Audio video means(VC/ 
OAVM)(with deemed venue at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070
Yes
9.	
POSTAL BALLOT DURING THE YEAR
The Company successfully completed the process of obtaining approval of the members on the following resolutions 
through postal ballot during the year 2025-26:
A)	 Material Related Party Transactions with Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(Result was announced on March 13, 2026)
Voting pattern and procedure for Postal Ballot
i)	
The Directors of the Company vide its resolution dated 03rd February, 2026 had appointed Mr. R.S.Bhatia, 
Company Secretary in Practice as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot process.
ii)	
Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and MCA Circulars, the Company has sent Postal Ballot Notice dated
	
03rd February, 2026 together with the explanatory statement on 10th February, 2026 to its members 
whose name(s) appeared in the Register of Members maintained by RTA of the Company and List of 
beneficial owners received from National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited as on the Cut-off date i.e. February 06, 2026 and whose e-mail IDs were available with the 
Company and Depositories, through electronic means only and has not dispatched physical notices to 
any member.
iii)	 The voting by electronic means under postal ballot was kept open from February 11, 2026 to March 12, 
2026.
iv)	 The physical copy of Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope 
were not sent to the members. Members were asked to communicate their assent or dissent on the 
proposed resolution through remote e-voting system only. Therefore, neither the Company nor the 
scrutinizer received any postal ballot form(s).
v)	
All voting by electronic means received upto 5 p.m. on March 12, 2026, the last date and time fixed by the 
Company for e-voting had been considered by the scrutinizer.
(vi)	 On March 13, 2026, Mr. Rohit Relan, Chairman and Managing Director announced the results of the
postal ballot as per the Scrutinizer’s Report, as follows:
(A)	 Material Related Party Transactions with Maruti Suzuki India Limited
In Favour/Against
Remote E-voting
Voters
No. of Votes
Percentage
In Favour
195
10,70,644
99.01
Against
42
10,680
0.99
Total
237
10,81,324
100
	
Invalid Votes: Nil.

--- PAGE 60 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
58
10.	 MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
•	
The unaudited quarterly results are announced within forty-five days of the end of the quarter and the audited 
annual results within sixty days from the end of the last quarter as stipulated under the LODR regulations. The 
aforesaid financial results are taken on record by the Board of Directors and are communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges where the company’s securities are listed.
•	
Once the Stock Exchanges has been intimated, these results are also published within 48 hours in English 
newspaper: Financial Express, and Hindi newspaper Jansatta-Delhi.
•	
All the data required to be filled electronically, such as quarterly financial results, shareholding pattern are 
being regularly uploaded on the Company’s website: www.bharatseats.com and also uploaded on BSE and 
NSE.
•	
The Annual Report containing inter άlia Audited Annual Accounts, Directors’ Report, Auditors’ Report and other 
important information forming part of Annual Report is displayed on the Company’s website.
•	
The Annual report is forwarded to all members in electronic mode, whose email IDs are registered with 
Depositories.
•	
NECS intimation of dividend is forwarded to all members in electronic mode, whose email IDs are registered 
with Depositories and physical copies are sent in case email ID is not available.
11.	 GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION
(a)	 Appointment/ Re-appointment of Directors
	
As required, a brief profile and other particulars of the Directors seeking re-appointment are given in the Notice of 
the 39th Annual General Meeting and forms part of the Corporate Governance Report.
(b)	 Annual General Meeting
Number of Annual General Meeting
39th Annual General Meeting
Date and Time
July 24th, 2026 at 11.00 am
Venue
Through Video Conferencing/other audio visual means (VC/ 
OAVM)
(c)	 Financial Calendar: 2026-27, 1st April, 2026 to 31st March, 2027
First Quarter Ended June, 2026
Before 2nd week of August, 2026
Second Quarter Ended September, 2026
Before 2nd week of November, 2026
Third Quarter Ended December, 2026
Before 2nd week of February, 2027
Year ended March, 2027
Before end of May, 2027
(d)	 Record Date : July 17th, 2026
(e)	 Dividend Payment date
	
The Dividend, if declared, will be paid within 30 days from the date of the Annual General Meeting.
(f)	 As on 31st March 2026, the Equity Shares of the company are listed on: BSE Limited
	
P.J. Towers
	
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
	
National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1 G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai- 400 051
	
Listing fee for the financial year: 2025-2026 has been paid to the stock exchanges. The Equity shares of the 
Company have not been suspended from trading.
(g)	 Stock Code
	
Stock Code is 523229 on BSE and BHARATSE on NSE.
	
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for NSDL and CDSL: INE415D01024.

--- PAGE 61 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
59
(h)	 Registrar and Share Transfer Agents: (For Demat Shares and for Physical Shares) Alankit Assignments 
Ltd.
	
4E/2, Alankit House, Jhandewalan Extension, New Delhi-110055, Ph: 42541234, Fax: 4254 1201 E-Mail:rta@
alankit.com, Contact person: Mr.J.K.Singla, Deputy General Manager
(i)	 Share Transfer System
	
In terms of the Listing Regulations and notifications/ circulars/ guidelines issued by SEBI from time to time, 
transfer, transmission and transposition of equity shares of the Company can only be effected in dematerialised 
form. Requests for dematerialisation of shares are processed and confirmation thereof is given to the respective 
depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services India Limited 
(CDSL), within the statutory time limit from the date of receipt of share certificates/ letter of confirmation after due 
verification.
	
Further, SEBI vide its circular dated January 25, 2022, mandated that all service requests for issue of duplicate
	
certificate, claim from unclaimed suspense account, renewal/ exchange of securities certificate, endorsement, sub-
division/splitting/consolidation of certificate, transmission and transposition which were allowed in physical form 
should be processed in dematerialised form only. The necessary forms for the above request are available on the 
website of the Company i.e. https://bharatseats.com/ . Shareholders holding shares in physical form are advised 
to avail the facility of dematerialisation. Shareholders should communicate with Alankit Assignments Limited, 
the Company’s Registrars & Share Transfer Agent at rta@alankit.com quoting their folio number or Depository 
Participant ID and Client ID number, for any queries relating to their securities.
	
In terms of Circulars issued by SEBI, a special window is opened to facilitate transfer and dematerialization 
of physical shares that were sold/ purchased before 1st April 2019 or for share transfer request(s) which were 
rejected/ returned/ not attended due to deficiency in the documents/ process/ or otherwise.
	
In respect of bonus equity shares held in the Suspense Account, the Company, upon receipt of valid requests 
and/ or completion of KYC updation by the shareholders, facilitates credit of the corresponding shares to their 
respective beneficiary demat accounts in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements.
(j)	 Distribution of Shareholding as on 31.03.2026:
S. 
NO.
NO. OF SHARES HELD
NO. OF 
HOLDERS
PERCENTAGE 
OF HOLDERS(%)
HOLDING
PERCENTAGE 
OF HOLDING (%)
1
UPTO 500
27308
87.84
24,28,654
3.87
2
501 TO 1000
1783
5.74
14,26,811
2.27
3
1001 TO 5000
1643
5.29
36,90,661
5.88
4
5001 TO 10000
210
0.68
15,21,315
2.42
5
10001 TO 20000
76
0.24
11,70,448
1.86
6
20001 TO 30000
17
0.05
4,17,628
0.67
7
30001 TO 40000
10
0.03
3,64,964
0.58
8
40001 TO 50000
10
0.03
4,38,968
0.70
9
50001 TO 100000
18
0.06
13,05,454
2.08
10
100001 TO 500000
11
0.03
25,04,427
3.98
11
500001 and ABOVE
5
0.01
4,75,30,670
75.69
TOTAL
31091
100.00
6,28,00,000
100.00

--- PAGE 62 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
60
(k)	 Shareholding pattern as on 31.03.2026:
S. 
No.
Category
No. of 
Shareholders
% of 
Shareholders
No. of 
Equity 
Shares
% of 
Shares
1.
Promoters and Associate Companies:
 
a.
Indian
3
0.01
37588358
59.85
b.
Foreign
1
-
9300000
14.81
2.
Non-Promoter Shareholding:
a.
Other Corporate Bodies
105
0.33
911526
1.45
b.
Mutual Funds
1
-
2000
-
c.
Financial Institutions
1
-
68000
0.11
d.
NRIs
352
1.13
708219
1.13
e.
Trust
2
0.01
114964
0.18
f.
Indian Public/HUF
30624
98.51
13654087
21.75
g.
IEPF Account
2
0.01
452846
0.72
TOTAL
31091
100.00
6,28,00,000
100.00
(l)	 Dematerialisation of Shares and liquidity
	
Electronic holding of members comprises 99.80% of the paid up Equity Shares of the Company as at 31st March, 
2026. The Shares of the Company are available for trading with both the Depositories, namely; National Securities 
Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL). As stipulated by Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI), a qualified practicing Company Secretary carries out the Share Capital Audit 
to reconcile the total admitted capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed capital. This audit is carried out every quarter 
and the report thereon is submitted to stock exchanges, NSDL and CDSL and is also placed before the Board of 
Directors. No discrepancies were noticed during these audits.
(m)	 No GDRs/ADRs Warrants or any convertible instruments has been issued by the company.
(n)	 Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement 
as specified under Regulation 32(7A) of LODR Regulations: The Company did not raise any funds through 
preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement.
(o)	 Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities: The Company is exposed to capital 
risk, market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The details of risks, including foreign exchange exposures as on 
March 31, 2026 are disclosed in Notes to the Financial Statements.
(p)	 Pursuant to Schedule V of the LODR Regulations, the details of shares held in Unclaimed Suspense 
Account of “Bharat Seats Limited – Unclaimed Suspense Account” with Alankit Imaginations Limited are 
as follows:
Type of
Securities
Balance As on
1st April, 2025
*No. of shareholders 
who approached for 
transfer from
Suspense Account
No. of shareholders 
to whom shares 
were transferred 
from Suspense 
Account
Balance As on
31st March, 2026
No. of 
records
No. of 
shares
No. of 
records
No. of 
shares
No. of 
records
No. of 
shares
No. of 
records
No. of 
shares
Equity Shares
1
1000
-
-
-
-
1
1000
Bonus on above on 
24.12.24
1000
-
-
-
-
1000
Equity Bonus shares 
(transferred on 3rd 
January, 2025)
777
160232
20
7014
20
7014
757
153218
Bharat Seats Limited 
Suspense Escrow
-
   -
-
-
-
-
1
1000
Total
778
162232
20
7014
20
7014
759
156218
	
The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.

--- PAGE 63 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
61
(q)	 Plant Locations:
1)	
Plant – I
Plot No.1, Maruti Joint Venture Complex,
Gurugram - 122015 (Haryana) 
Ph : +91- 9643339870-74
E-Mail : seats@ bharatseats.net, 
investor_relations@bharatseats.net 
Website : www.bharatseats.com
2)	
Plant- II
Plot No.Mustill No.226, Kila No.7/1, 
Village Bhorakalan, Gurugram (Haryana)
3)	
Plant-III
Plot No. 26, Sector-3A, Maruti Supplier Park, IMT, 
Manesar, Gurugram (Haryana)
4)	
Plant- IV
New Survey/ Block No.30
(Old Revenue Survey no. 403/9) 
Moje Naviyani, Taluka Dasada Distt. 
Surenderanagar, Part of Nihon Industrial 
Park, Gujarat
5)	
Plant- V
Plot No.17, Block No.334,335 old 158, 293 
T.P.S No 1D, F.P.No 166 +167, Hansalpur
Ahmedabad, Gujarat 382150
6)	
Plant - VI
Internal No. 1, Plot No. 831 HSIDC Industrial 
Township Kharkhoda, Sonipat, Haryana - 
131402
(r)	 Bharat Seats Limited
Registered Office:	
1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070 Ph: 09810808631 Email: seats@
bharatseats.net.
(s)	 Investor Relation Cell address for Correspondence
	
Investors/ shareholders correspondence may be addressed either to the Company’s Secretarial Department, 
contact person: Ms. Ritu Bakshi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, functioning at the works - Plant-1 
of the Company at Gurugram or to its Registrar and Transfer Agent: Alankit Assignments Ltd., contact person: Mr. 
J.K.Singla, Deputy General Manager at 4E/2, Alankit House, Jhandewalan Extension New Delhi – 110055.
(t)	 OTHER DISCLOSURES
	
Related Party Transactions
	
The particulars of transactions between the Company and its related parties as per the terms of Ind AS-24, “Related 
Party Disclosures”, specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2015 and Regulation 23 of the LODR Regulations, are disclosed in Note No.38(d) of Notes to 
Financial Statements. However, these transactions are not likely to have any conflict with the Company’s interest. All 
related party transactions are generally with its associates and are entered into based on considerations of various 
business exigencies. All related party transactions are in the ordinary course of business and are negotiated on 
arm’s length basis and are intended to further the Company’s interests. Further, there were no materially significant 
related party transactions that were entered during the year that have a potential conflict with the interests of your 
Company at large. A confirmation as to the compliance of Related party transactions as per LODR Regulations is 
sent to Stock exchanges along with quarterly compliance report of Corporate Governance.
	
Penalties/ Strictures
	
No Strictures/Penalties have been imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any statutory authority on any matters related to capital markets during the last 
three years.
	
In the preparation of the financial statements, the Company has followed the Accounting Standards issued by ICAI. 
The significant accounting policies, which are consistently applied, have been set out in the Notes to the Accounts.
	
The Management Discussion and Analysis is an ongoing process within the Organization. An exercise on Business
	
Risk was carried out covering the entire gamut of Business operations and the Board was informed of the same.
	
The Company has framed Whistle Blower Policy. No personnel had been denied access to the Audit Committee. 
Adoption of non-mandatory requirements as stipulated under Listing Regulations are being reviewed by the Board 
from time to time.
	
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of non-mandatory requirements as specified in 
Part E of Schedule II of LODR Regulations 2015:

--- PAGE 64 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
62
	
The Company has duly complied with all the mandatory requirements under Chapter IV of the SEBI (LODR), 
2015. The Company has not adopted the non-mandatory (discretionary) requirements as mentioned in Part E of 
Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR), 2015 except that the Company has financial statement with unmodified audit 
opinion and the Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee.
	
Management Discussion and Analysis
	
The Management Discussion and Analysis is an ongoing process within the Organization. An exercise on Business 
Risk was carried out covering the entire gamut of Business operations and the Board was informed of the same.
	
Whistle Blower Policy
	
The Company has framed Whistle Blower Policy. No personnel had been denied access to the Audit Committee. 
Adoption of non-mandatory requirements as stipulated under Listing Regulations are being reviewed by the Board 
from time to time.
	
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of non-mandatory requirements as 
specified in Part E of Schedule II of LODR Regulations 2015:
	
The Company has duly complied with all the mandatory requirements under Chapter IV of the SEBI (LODR), 
2015. The Company has not adopted the non-mandatory (discretionary) requirements as mentioned in Part E of 
Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR), 2015 except that the Company has financial statement with unmodified audit 
opinion and the Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee.
	
Disclosure of Accounting Treatment
	
The financial statements of year under review have been prepared in accordance with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (IND AS) prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other 
recognized accounting practices and policies to the extent applicable.
	
Disclosure Pursuant to Clause (2a) Of Schedule V (Annual Report) Of SEBI (LODR) (Amendment) Regulations, 
2018 of transactions of the Company with any person or entity belonging to the Promoter/ Promoter group which 
hold(s) 10% or more shareholding in the listed entity:
	
Enclosed as Annexure A.
(u)	 CREDIT RATING
	
ICRA has assigned its short term credit rating of A1 and long term credit rating of A (stable), indicating the outlook 
on the long term rating as ‘Stable’.
(v)	 CODE OF CONDUCT
	
In terms of the requirement of Regulation 17(5)(a) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing and 
Disclosure Obligations) Regulations 2015 [“SEBI (LODR), 2015”] & Section 149(8) read with Schedule IV of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct for Directors and 
Senior Management. The said Code has been communicated to the Directors and the Members of the Senior 
Management. A copy of code of conduct has been posted at the website of the Company. All Board members and 
senior management personnel affirm their compliance with the Code on annual basis. A declaration to this effect 
signed by the Whole Time Director and CEO of the Company, forms part of this Annual Report of the Company 
enclosed as Annexure B.
(w)	 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING
	
The Company has adopted a Code for Prevention of Insider Trading as per SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015. All Directors and Designated Employees/ persons who could have access to the Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information are governed by the said Code.
(x)	 PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT
	
Your Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at its workplace and has adopted a policy on prevention, 
prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at the workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
	
An Internal Committee has been constituted in accordance with the provisions of the POSH Act to redress 
complaints received regarding sexual harassment and all the provisions regarding the constitution are complied 
with.
	
During the year under review, the status of complaints on sexual harassment is as follows:
	
No. of Complaints filed during the financial year: Nil
	
No. of Complaints disposed of during the financial year: Nil
	
No. of Complaints pending as on the end of financial year: Nil

--- PAGE 65 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
63
(y)	 REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
	
A report on Corporate Governance forms part of the Annual Report of the Company and is sent to the shareholders 
accordingly. The Company also submits a quarterly compliance report on Corporate Governance to the Stock 
Exchanges within the time stipulated under SEBI(LODR) 2015.
	
Disclosures of Compliance with Corporate Governance Requirements
	
The Company has complied with Corporate Governance Requirements as specified in Regulation 17 to 27 of 
LODR.
(z)	 Website
	
The Company has complied with Clause (b) to (i) of sub regulation (2) of Regulation 46, relating to website 
disclosures. The Company’s website contains a separate section ‘Investor Relations’ where members can access 
the details of the Board, Policies, the Board Committee, financials, details of unclaimed dividend and shares 
transferred/ liable to be transferred to IEPF, Stock exchange disclosures etc.
(aa)	CERTIFICATIONS
	
In compliance with Regulation 17(8) and 33 of the SEBI (LODR), 2015, the Company duly places a Certificate 
signed by  Whole Time Director and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company before the 
Board of Directors enclosed as Annexure C.
	
The Company has obtained a certificate from its Secretarial Auditor regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate 
Governance stipulated under Listing Regulations and the said certificate is attached to the Directors Report and 
forms a part of the Annual Report. The said certificate is sent to the shareholders and Stock Exchanges along with 
the Annual Report of the Company is enclosed as Annexure D.
	
A certificate from the Company Secretary in Practice has been received stating that none of the Directors on the 
Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of 
Companies by the Board/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The same is enclosed as 
Annexure E.
(ab)	REMUNERATION TO STATUTORY AUDITORS
	
S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration number 301003E/ E300005, the Company’s 
Statutory Auditor is responsible for performing an independent audit of the Financial Statements and expressing an 
opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in India.
	
As required under Regulation 34 read with Part C of the Schedule V of the LODR Regulations, the total fees paid 
by the Company is Rs. 45 lakhs (and its subsidiaries – Not Applicable) on a consolidated basis to the Statutory 
auditor and all entities in the network firm/ entity of which the statutory auditor is a part.

--- PAGE 66 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
64
ANNEXURE A
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (2A) OF SCHEDULE V (ANNUAL REPORT) OF SEBI (LODR) 
(AMENDMENT) REGULATIONS, 2018
	
Disclosures of transactions of the listed entity with any person or entity belonging to the Promoter/ 
Promoter group which hold(s) 10% or more shareholding in the listed entity
A.	 Names of promoter/ promoter group, with 10% or more shareholding and description of relationship:
Names of promoter/ promoter group, with 10% or more 
shareholding
Nature of relationship
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Entities with joint control or significant 
influence over the Company
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
NDR Auto Components Limited
Rohit Relan Family Trust
Rohit Relan*
Key Management Person
	
Transactions during the year:	
	
	
	
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
i)
Sale of products
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
NDR Auto Components Limited
1,24,695.64 
17.60 
88,253.99
4.67
 1,24,713.24
88,258.66
ii)
Purchases of Material, traded goods (Inclusive of all 
taxes)
NDR Auto Components Limited
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd
58,050.81
2,041.08 
46,587.35
1,579.54
60,091.89
48,166.89
iii)
Discount on Sales
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
38.71
-
iv)
Rental Income
NDR Auto Components Limited
126.00
115.20
v)
Interest Income
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
-
0.09
vi)
Remuneration to Key Management Person
Mr. Rohit Relan
Short term employee benefits
Post-employment benefits
378.00 
31.50 
316.13
25.29
409.50
341.42
vii)
Other Expenses:
a)	
Power & Fuel
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
b)	
Interest on lease liabilities:
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
c)	
Depreciation on right of use assets
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
d)	
Miscellaneous expenses - Reimbursement of 
expenses
NDR Auto Components Limited
381.35 
467.30 
212.98
269.96
583.57
138.86

--- PAGE 67 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
65
e)	
Sitting fees:
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
(of which Mr. C.V. Raman is a nominee Director)
f)	
Power & Fuel - Reimbursement of expenses
NDR Auto Components Limited
152.81 
3.00
90.58
189.87
3.00
-
969.49
1,117.17
viii)
Interest Expense
Rohit Relan
NDR Auto Components Limited
187.58 
8.50 
187.58
141.10
196.08
328.68
ix)
Advance received
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
626.71
400.13
x)
Dividend paid
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
NDR Auto Components Limited
Rohit Relan
102.30 
102.30 
198.00 
84.24 
74.40
74.40
144.00
61.19
486.84
353.99
xi)
Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment
NDR Auto Components Limited
264.11 
57.28
xii)
Loan repaid to related parties
NDR Auto Components Limited
1,700.00
-
	
*In order to streamline the succession and welfare of the family members of Promoters and their lineal descendants, 
during the year under review, some of the Promoter and Promoter Group of Bharat Seats Limited i.e. Mr. Rohit 
Relan, Mrs. Ritu Relan, Mr. Rishabh Relan, Mr. Pranav Relan and Mr. Ayush Relan transferred 1,02,88,358 
(16.38%) Equity Shares of Rs.2/- each by way of gift to Rohit Relan Family Trust on September 26, 2025. Pursuant 
to SEBI Exemption order dated September 04, 2025, Rohit Relan Family Trust was granted exemption from 
complying with the requirements of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 3, regulation 4 and regulation 5 of the SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.

--- PAGE 68 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
66
ANNEXURE B
DECLARATIONS
CERTIFICATE OF CODE OF CONDUCT FOR THE YEAR: 2025-26
Bharat Seats Limited is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and 
regulations and with the highest standards of business ethics.
As provided under Listing Regulations, I hereby certify that all the Board members and Senior Management Personnel 
affirmed the compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for the year ended 31st March 2026.
For Bharat Seats Limited
(Rohit Relan)
Chairman and Managing Director

--- PAGE 69 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
67
ANNEXURE C
CEO / CFO Certification
To
The Board of Directors
Bharat Seats Limited
	
As provided under Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we certify the following to the Board that for the year ended 31st March, 2026:
A.	 We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended 31st March, 2026 and to 
the best of our knowledge and belief:
(1) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements 
that might be misleading;
(2) these statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.	 There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during the year 
which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.
C.	 We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we 
have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal 
controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D.	 We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee:
(1) that there have been updations to ensure adequate internal control over financial reporting during the year;
(2) that there have been no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and
(3) There were no instances of fraud of which we have become aware.
For Bharat Seats Limited	
For Bharat Seats Limited
Rajiv Arora	
Vinod Kumar 
Whole Time Director and 	
Chief Financial Officer
Chief Executive Officer	
Place	 :	 Gurugram
Date	 :	 May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 70 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
68
ANNEXURE D
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The members of Bharat Seats Limited
CIN L34300DL1986PLC023540
I have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company for the year ended 31st 
March, 2026 as stipulated under Regulation 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of 46, para C, D and E of 
Schedule V and any other relevant provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) with the relevant records/documents maintained 
by the Company furnished to me for my review and report on Corporate Governance as approved by the Board of 
Directors.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. My examination was 
limited to the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the 
conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit, nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of 
the Company.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me and representation 
made by the Directors and the management, I confirm that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.
I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficiency 
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Place	 :	 New Delhi
Date	 :	 04/05/2026
Rupinder Singh Bhatia 
Practicing Company Secretary 
CP No. 2514
UDIN: F002599H000269074 
Peer Review No.: 1496/2021

--- PAGE 71 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
69
ANNEXURE E
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
The Members of 
Bharat Seats Limited
Address: 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Bharat 
Seats Limited having CIN No. L34300DL1986PLC023540 and having registered office at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company‘), produced before me by the Company for 
the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 
10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Director Identification 
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the 
Company and its officers, I hereby Confirm that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for 
the Financial Year ending on 31st  March, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing 
as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such 
other statutory Authority.
Sr.No.
Name of Director
DIN
Date of Appointment in the 
Company
1.
Mr. Rohit Relan
00257572
06/03/1986
2.
Mr. Makoto Kunieda
10260765
04/08/2023
3.
Mr. Raman Venkat Challa
07093663
18/07/2015
4.
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
09428727
28/01/2022
5.
Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya
10449854
01/04/2024
6.
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari
00649505
01/04/2024
7.
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
02161276
15/05/2024
8.
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
03290288
25/09/2024
9.
Mr. Rishabh Relan
07726444
04/02/2021
10.
Mr. Rajiv Arora
07976398
02/08/2024
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management 
of the Company. Our Responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This Certificate is 
neither and assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the 
management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Place	 :	 New Delhi
Date	 :	 04/05/2026
Rupinder Singh Bhatia 
Practicing Company Secretary 
CP No. 2514
UDIN: F002599H000269063 
Peer Review No.: 1496/2021

--- PAGE 72 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
70
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Bharat Seats Limited
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Bharat Seats Limited (“the Company”), which comprise the Balance 
sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss, including the statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information in which 
are included the returns for the year ended on that date audited by the branch auditor of the Company’s branches 
located at Japan .
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the 
consideration of reports of other auditor on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the 
branch, the aforesaid financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended 
(“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, its profit including other comprehensive 
loss, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the Company in 
accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code 
of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the financial statements. 
Emphasis of Matter – Income Tax Search
We draw attention to Note 27 (A)(iv) of the financial statements which describes the uncertainty relating to outcome 
of a search conducted by the Income Tax Department in an earlier year, under Section 132 of the Income Tax Act, 
1961, at certain premises of the Company including manufacturing locations and residence of few of its employees/
key managerial personnel.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. These matters were addressed in the context of our 
audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided 
in that context. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. We 
have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of 
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. 
The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the 
basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.
Key audit matters
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revenue recognition including price variations (as described in Note 28 of the financial statements)
Revenue is measured by the Company at the fair value 
of consideration received/ receivable from its customers 
and in determining the transaction price for the sale of 
products, the Company considers the effects of price 
variations provided to the customer.
Our audit procedures included the following: 
•	 Assessed the Company’s accounting policy for 
revenue recognition including the policy for recording 
price variations in terms of Ind AS 115.

--- PAGE 73 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
71
The Company’s business also requires passing on price 
variations to the customer for the sales made by the 
Company. The Company at the year end, has provided 
for such price variations to be passed on to the customer. 
The estimated price variations at the year-end are shown 
under note 28 to the financial statements.
•	 Obtained understanding of the revenue process, and 
the assumptions used by the management in the 
process of calculation of price variations, including 
design and implementation of controls, and tested the 
operating effectiveness of these controls. 
•	 Tested completeness and arithmetical accuracy of the 
data used in the computation of price variations.
We have considered this as a key audit matter on account 
of the significant judgement and estimate involved in 
calculation of price variations to be recorded as at the 
year end
•	
Obtained 
and 
reviewed 
balance 
confirmation 
from customers to ensure the existence of trade 
receivables.
•	
Tested, on sample basis, debit/ credit notes in 
respect of agreed price variations passed on to the 
customers. 
Assessed the revenue-related disclosures included in 
Note 28 to the financial statements
Other Information
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Annual report but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Management for the Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the 
preparation of these financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance 
including other comprehensive loss, cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 
of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility also 
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application 
of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:

--- PAGE 74 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
72
•	
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•	
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
•	
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management. 
•	
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to 
cease to continue as a going concern. 
•	
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation. 
•	
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial statements/financial information of the branch to 
express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance 
of the audit of the financial statements/financial information of the components which have been audited by us. For 
the branch included in the financial statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors 
remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during 
our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public 
interest benefits of such communication.   
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information of one branch included in the accompanying 
financial statements of the Company whose financial statements and other financial information reflect total assets of 
Rs. 24.57 lakhs as at March 31, 2026 and the total revenues of Rs. NIL, total net loss after tax of Rs. 160.08 lakhs, 
total comprehensive loss of Rs. 160.08 lakhs and net cash outflow of Rs. 7.10 lakhs for the year ended on that date. 
The financial statements/information of the branch have been audited by the branch auditor whose reports have been 
furnished to us, and our opinion in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of the branch, 
is based solely on the report of such branch auditor. Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.  
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.	
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report 
of the branch auditors on separate financial statements and the other financial information of the branch, as noted 
in the ‘Other Matter’ paragraph we give in the “Annexure 1” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 
and 4 of the Order.

--- PAGE 75 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
73
2.	
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report to the extent applicable, that:
(a)	 We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(b)	 In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books and proper returns adequate for the purposes of our audit have 
been received from the branch not visited by us except for the matters stated in the paragraph (k)vi below on 
reporting under Rule 11(g);
(c)	 The report on the accounts of the branch office of the Company audited under Section 143(8) of the Act by 
branch auditor have been sent to us and have been properly dealt with by us in preparing this report;
(d)	 The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive Loss, 
the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the books of account and with the returns received from the branches not visited by us;
(e)	 In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended; 
(f)	 The matter described in Emphasis of Matter – Income tax search paragraph above, in our opinion, may have 
an adverse effect on the functioning of the Company.
(g)	 On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on record 
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as 
a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act; 
(h)	 The modification relating to the maintenance of accounts and other matters connected therewith are as stated 
in the paragraph 2(b) above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) and paragraph (k)vi below on reporting 
under Rule 11(g)
(i)	
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure 2” to this report; 
(j)	
In our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2026 has been paid / provided by 
the Company to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act. 
(k)	 With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us:
i.	
	
The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its financial 
statements – Refer Note 27 (A) to the financial statements;
ii.	
	
The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were 
any material foreseeable losses;
iii.	 	
There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company;
iv.	 a)	 The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the 
note 38(o) to the financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
b)	 The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the note 
38(o) to the financial statements, no funds have been received by the Company from any person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
and

--- PAGE 76 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
74
c)	 Based on the audit procedures performed that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (a) and (b) of Rule 11(e) contain any material misstatement. 
v.	
The final dividend paid by the Company during the year in respect of the same declared for the 
previous year is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to payment of 
dividend.
	 	
As stated in note 38(j) to the financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Company have 
proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the 
extent it applies to declaration of dividend.
vi.	 Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the 
same has operated for all relevant transactions recorded in the software except that the audit trail is 
not enabled for direct changes to database using certain access rights, as described in note 38(k) to 
the financial statements. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance 
of audit trail feature being tampered with, in respect of accounting software where the audit trail has 
been enabled. 
Additionally, the audit trail of relevant prior years has been preserved by the company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention, to the extent it was enabled and recorded in those respective years, as 
stated in note 38(k) to the financial statements
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005
per Amit Chugh
Partner
Membership Number: 505224
UDIN: 26505224KVZWAA5238
Place of Signature: Gurugram
Date: May 06, 2026

--- PAGE 77 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
75
Annexure ‘1’ referred to in paragraph under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” 
of our report of even date
Re: Bharat Seats Limited (“the Company”)
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and 
records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i)	
(a)	 (A)	 The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(i)	
(a)	 (B)	 The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangibles assets.
(i)	
(b)	 	
All Property, Plant and Equipment were physically verified by the management in the previous year in 
accordance with a planned programme of verifying them once in three years which is reasonable having 
regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets.
(i)	
(c)	 	
The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee, 
and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the Company.
(i)	
(d)	 	
The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of use assets) or 
intangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2026.
(i)	
(e)	 	
There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property 
under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii)	
(a)	 	
Physical verification of inventory has been conducted at reasonable intervals during the year by 
management except for inventories lying with third parties. In our opinion, the coverage and procedure 
of such verification by the management is appropriate. Inventories lying with third parties have been 
confirmed by such third parties as at March 31, 2026. There were no discrepancies of 10% or more 
noticed, in the aggregate for each class of inventory.
(ii)	
(b)	 	
As disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements, the Company has been sanctioned working capital 
limits in excess of Rs. five crores in aggregate from banks during the year on the basis of security of 
current assets of the Company. Based on the records examined by us in the normal course of audit of 
the financial statements, the quarterly returns/statements filed by the Company with such banks are in 
agreement with the unaudited books of accounts of the Company. The Company do not have sanctioned 
working capital limits in excess of Rs. five crores in aggregate from financial institutions during the year 
on the basis of security of current assets of the Company.
(iii)	
(a)	 	
During the year the Company has not provided loans, advances in the nature of loans, stood guarantee 
or provided security to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, 
the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(iii)	
(b)	 	
During the year the Company has not made investments, provided guarantees, provided security and 
granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or 
any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(b) of the Order is not applicable 
to the Company.
(iii)	
(c)	 	
The Company has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies, firms, Limited 
Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(c) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(iii)	
(d)	 	
The Company has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to companies, firms, Limited 
Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(iii)	
(e)	 	
There were no loans or advances in the nature of loan granted to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(e) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
(iii)	
(f)	 	
The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, either repayable on demand 
or without specifying any terms or period of repayment to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships 
or any other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(f) of the Order is not applicable 
to the Company.

--- PAGE 78 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
76
(iv)	
	
	
There are no loans, investments, guarantees, and security in respect of which provisions of sections 185 
and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are applicable and accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 
3(iv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(v)	
	
	
The Company has neither accepted any deposits from the public nor accepted any amounts which are 
deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the Companies Act and the rules made 
thereunder, to the extent applicable. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(v) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
(vi)	
	
	
The Central Government has not specified the maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, for the products/services of the Company.
(vii)	 (a)	 	
The Company is generally regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues 
including goods and services tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, duty of 
customs, cess and other statutory dues applicable to it. The provisions relating to sales tax, service 
tax, duty of excise and value added tax are not applicable to the Company. According to the information 
and explanations given to us and based on audit procedures performed by us, no undisputed amounts 
payable in respect of these statutory dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than 
six months from the date they became payable.
(vii)	 (b)	 	
The dues of goods and services tax and income tax that have not been deposited on account of any 
dispute, are as follows:
Name of the 
statute
Nature of the dues
Amount
(In Rs. 
Lacs)
Amount paid 
under protest
(In Rs. Lacs)
Period to 
which the 
amount relates
Forum where 
the dispute is 
pending
Goods and 
Service tax
Penalty 
demand 
on 
differential tax paid on 
HSN 
classification 
of 
two wheelers and parts 
thereof
3,382.42
-
2017-18 to 
2023-24 (till 
December 
2023)
Commissioner, 
CGST 
(Appeals), 
Gurugram
Income-tax 
Act, 1961
Demand against search 
and seizure
245.25
-
2019-20 to 
2021-22, 2023-
24 & 2024-25
CIT (Appeals)*
Income-tax 
Act, 1961
Demand against search 
and seizure
232.47
-
2022-23
CIT (Appeals)
Income-tax 
Act, 1961
Penalty demand against 
search and seizure
524.28
-
2022-23
CIT (Appeals)
The Industrial 
Dispute & The 
payment of 
Wages Act
Labour related cases
25.02
-
2002
Hon’ble 
Supreme Court
The Industrial 
Dispute & The 
payment of 
Wages Act
Labour related cases
144.20
-
2002
Hon’ble
Hight Court
The Industrial 
Dispute & The 
payment of 
Wages Act
Labour related cases
10.00
-
2002
District Court, 
Gurugram
	
* The Company is in the process of filing an appeal with ITAT.
	
There are no dues of provident fund, employees’ state insurance, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of 
excise, value added tax, cess and other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of any dispute.
(viii)	 The Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, previously unrecorded in the books of account, 
in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year. Accordingly, the requirement 
to report on clause 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

--- PAGE 79 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
77
(ix)	
(a)	 The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest 
thereon to any lender. 
(ix)	
(b)	 The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority.
(ix)	
(c)	 Term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained.
(ix)	
(d)	 On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, no funds raised on short-term basis 
have been used for long-term purposes by the Company.
(ix)	
(e)	 The Company does not have any subsidiary, associate or joint venture. Accordingly, the requirement to report 
on clause 3(ix)(e) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(ix)	
(f)	 The Company does not have any subsidiary, associate or joint venture. Accordingly, the requirement to report 
on Clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(x)	
(a)	 The Company has not raised any money during the year by way of initial public offer / further public offer 
(including debt instruments) hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable 
to the Company.
(x)	
(b)	 The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares /fully or partially or 
optionally convertible debentures during the year under audit and hence, the requirement to report on clause 
3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi)	
(a)	 No material fraud by the Company or no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during 
the year
(xi)	
(b)	 During the year, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed 
by cost auditor, secretarial auditor or by us in Form ADT – 4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
(xi)	
(c)	 As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year.
(xii)	 (a)	 The Company is not a nidhi Company as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the 
requirement to report on clause 3(xii)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xii)	 (b)	 The Company is not a nidhi Company as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the 
requirement to report on clause 3(xii)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xii)	 (c)	 The Company is not a nidhi Company as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the 
requirement to report on clause 3(xii)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii)	 	
Transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 
where applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, as required by 
the applicable accounting standards. 
(xiv)	 (a)	 The Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
(xiv)	 (b)	 The internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date of the audit report, for the period under audit 
have been considered by us.
(xv)	 	
The Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with its 
directors and hence requirement to report on clause 3(xv) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvi)	 (a)	 The provisions of section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934) are not applicable to 
the Company. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause (xvi)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
(xvi)	 (b)	 The Company is not engaged in any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities. Accordingly, the 
requirement to report on clause (xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvi)	 (c)	 The Company is not a Core Investment Company as defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of 
India. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3(xvi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.

--- PAGE 80 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
78
(xvi)	 (d)	 There are no other Companies part of the Group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(xvi) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.   
(xvii)		
The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and in the immediately preceding financial year. 
(xviii)		
There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly requirement to report 
on Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xix)	 	
On the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in note 38(p) to the financial statements, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying 
the financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us 
to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that Company is not capable 
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one 
year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of 
the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and 
we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from 
the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx)	 (a)	 In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred 
to a fund specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act (the Act), in compliance with second proviso to sub 
section 5 of section 135 of the Act. This matter has been disclosed in note 38(e) to the financial statements.
(xx)	 (b)	 There are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing projects, that are required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) of section 135 of Companies Act. This matter has been 
disclosed in note 38(e) to the financial statements.
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005
per Amit Chugh
Partner
Membership Number: 505224
UDIN: 26505224KVZWAA5238
Place of Signature: Gurugram
Date: May 06, 2026

--- PAGE 81 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
79
ANNEXURE TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT OF EVEN DATE ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
OF BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Bharat Seats Limited (“the 
Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and 
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to these financial 
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, as specified under 
section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both issued by ICAI. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to these financial 
statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to these financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference 
to these financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to these financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to these Financial Statements
A company's internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls With Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial 
statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

--- PAGE 82 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
80
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements and such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as at 
March 31, 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering 
the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
Other Matters
Our report under Section 143(3)(h) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements of the Company, insofar as it relates to one branch at Japan, 
is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such branch.
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 301003E/E300005
per Amit Chugh
Partner
Membership Number: 505224
UDIN: 26505224KVZWAA5238
Place of Signature: Gurugram
Date: May 06, 2026

--- PAGE 83 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
81
BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH 2026
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
 Notes
As at 
 31st March 2026
 As at 
 31st March 2025
ASSETS
1
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment
5(a)
 29,962.14 
 21,504.31 
Capital work in progress
6
 1,184.19 
 8,956.90 
Intangible assets
5(b)
 286.97 
 295.69 
Right of use assets
5(c)
 5,324.98 
 6,494.17 
Financial assets 
	
Other Financial assets
7
 137.55 
 130.30 
Other non-current assets
8
 242.08 
 24.78 
Non-current tax assets (Net)
9
 968.97 
 1,106.12 
 38,106.88 
 38,512.27 
2
Current assets
Inventories
10
 6,024.72 
 5,544.83 
Financial assets
i)	
Trade receivables
11
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
ii)	
Cash and cash equivalents
12
 1,530.86 
 295.58 
iii)	
Other bank balances
13
 16.53 
 16.53 
iv)	
Other financial assets
14
 101.04 
 99.44 
Other current assets
15
 1,539.90 
 636.77 
 35,558.16 
 26,258.11 
Total Assets
 73,665.04 
 64,770.38 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1
Equity
Equity share capital
16
 1,256.00 
 1,256.00 
Other equity
17
 21,709.99 
 18,199.27 
Total Equity
 22,965.99 
 19,455.27 
2
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
i)	
Borrowings
18
 3,750.43 
 5,021.89 
ii)	
Lease liabilities
19(a)
 5,505.62 
 6,697.77 
Provisions
20
 276.56 
 126.53 
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
21
 609.30 
 611.30 
 10,141.91 
 12,457.49 
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
i)	
Borrowings
22
 1,271.46 
 2,971.46 
ii)	
Lease liabilities 
19(b)
 482.44 
 494.66 
iii)	
Trade payables
-	 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enter-
prises
23
 2,373.81 
 1,494.04 
-	 Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enter-
prises and small enterprises
23
 29,506.55 
 24,323.69 
iv)	
Other financial liabilities
24
 877.14 
 1,504.67 
Other current liabilities
25
(i)	
Contract liabilities
 5,226.07 
 439.48 
(ii)	
Other current liabilities
 279.55 
 1,267.58 
Provisions
26
 540.12 
 362.04 
 40,557.14 
 32,857.62 
Total Equity and Liabilities
 73,665.04 
 64,770.38 
The accompanying notes from an integral part of these financial statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered accountants
ICAI Registration No. 301003E/E300005
ROHIT RELAN	
Chairman and Managing Director
DIN: 00257572	
Place : New Delhi	
Date: May 6, 2026	
RISHABH RELAN
Whole Time Director
DIN: 07726444
Place : New Delhi
Date: May 6, 2026
RAJIV ARORA
Whole Time Director and CEO
DIN: 07976398
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
per AMIT CHUGH
Partner
Membership no. 505224
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
RITU BAKSHI	
Company Secretary	
Place : Gurugram	
Date: May 6, 2026	
VINOD KUMAR
Chief Financial Officer
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 84 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
82
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540 
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
Notes
Year Ended 
31st March 2026 
 Year Ended 
31st March 2025
I
INCOME
Revenue from operations
28
 195,095.14 
 128,882.47 
Other income
29
 528.24 
 358.57 
Total income
 195,623.38 
 129,241.04 
II
EXPENSES
Cost of raw materials and components consumed
30
 165,437.70 
 107,964.94 
Purchase of traded goods
31
 2,720.57 
 153.45 
(Increase)/decrease in inventories of finished goods, work in prog-
ress and traded goods
32
 (217.15)
 (61.10)
Employee benefits expense
33
 6,558.20 
 5,314.66 
Finance costs
34
 1,017.00 
 890.71 
Depreciation and amortization expenses
35
 3,529.38 
 2,623.99 
Other expenses
36
 10,680.05 
 7,964.78 
Total expenses
 189,725.75 
 124,851.43 
III
Profit before exceptional items and tax
 5,897.63 
 4,389.61 
Exceptional items
33(a)
 137.37 
 - 
Profit before tax
 5,760.26 
 4,389.61 
IV
Tax expenses
Current tax
21
 1,516.19 
 1,179.95 
Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years
21
 22.95 
 1.89 
Deferred tax expenses/(credit)
21
 (2.00)
 (62.26)
Income tax expense
 1,537.14 
 1,119.58 
V
Profit for the year
 4,223.12 
 3,270.03 
VI
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss :
i)	
Re-measurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit plans 
(refer note 38(a)(v))
 (28.86)
 6.68 
ii)	
Income tax effect ( refer note 21)
 7.26 
 (1.68)
Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of taxes
 (21.60)
 5.00 
VII
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of taxes
 4,201.52 
 3,275.03 
VIII
Earnings per equity share of Rs. 2 each:
(1)	 Basic ( Rs.)
37
 6.72 
 5.21 
(2)	 Diluted ( Rs.)
37
 6.72 
 5.21 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered accountants
ICAI Registration No. 301003E/E300005
ROHIT RELAN	
Chairman and Managing Director
DIN: 00257572	
Place : New Delhi	
Date: May 6, 2026	
RISHABH RELAN
Whole Time Director
DIN: 07726444
Place : New Delhi
Date: May 6, 2026
RAJIV ARORA
Whole Time Director and CEO
DIN: 07976398
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
per AMIT CHUGH
Partner
Membership no. 505224
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
RITU BAKSHI	
Company Secretary	
Place : Gurugram	
Date: May 6, 2026	
VINOD KUMAR
Chief Financial Officer
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 85 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
83
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Notes
 For the year ended 
31st March, 2026 
 For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
A.
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax
 5,760.26 
 4,389.61 
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization expense
35
 3,529.38 
 2,623.99 
(Gain)/Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
36
 11.29 
 (12.02)
Gain on termination of Right of use assets
29
 - 
 (2.18)
Finance cost
34
 1,002.87 
 878.90 
Interest income
29
 (68.46)
 (43.27)
Excess provision no longer required written back
29
 (34.30)
 (47.28)
Unrealised foreign exchange loss
36
 34.84 
 17.39 
Operating profit before working capital changes
 10,235.88 
 7,805.14 
Adjustments for changes in working capital :
Increase in inventories
10
 (479.89)
 (1,572.14)
Increase in trade receivables
11
 (6,680.15)
 (9,334.04)
(Increase)/decrease in other financial and non- financial assets
 (905.85)
 1,211.83 
(Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets
 (59.89)
 3.67 
Increase in trade payables 
23
 6,062.09 
 11,561.93 
Increase in other financial, non financial liabilities and provisions
 3,893.41 
 644.93 
Cash generated from operating activities
 12,065.60 
 10,321.32 
Income tax paid ( net of refunds)
 (1,394.73)
 (706.91)
Net cash flows from operating activities
 10,670.87 
 9,614.41 
B.
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets including 
capital work in progress, capital advances net of capital creditors
5(a) & (b)
 (5,094.85)
 (6,985.05)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
 312.31 
 136.30 
Fixed Deposits matured during the year
 532.79 
 24.25 
Fixed Deposits made during the year
 (534.39)
 (30.04)
Interest income received
 63.93 
 43.29 
Net cash flows used in investing activities
 (4,720.21)
 (6,811.25)
C.
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from long term borrowings
 - 
 2,000.00 
Repayment of long term borrowings
 (1,271.46)
 (1,563.59)
Repayments of short term borrowings
 - 
 (1,282.28)
Repayment of inter corporate short term borrowings
 (1,700.00)
 - 
Dividend paid on equity shares
17
 (690.80)
 (502.40)
Interest Paid
 (551.44)
 (590.94)
Principal payments of lease liabilities
 (36.61)
 (59.03)
Interest payments of lease liabilities
 (465.07)
 (529.97)
Net cash flows used in financing activities
 (4,715.38)
 (2,528.21)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)
 1,235.28 
 274.95 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
12
 295.58 
 20.63 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
12
 1,530.86 
 295.58 
Components of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents
Balances with banks:
Current Account
 0.23 
 5.84 
Surplus in Cash Credit Accounts
 1,522.01 
 288.46 
Balance with Japanese bank, Japan
 8.28 
 1.18 
Cash on hand
 0.34 
 0.10 
Net Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year
 1,530.86 
 295.58 
Note:  The cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 7 statement 
of cash. For changes in liabilities arising from financing activities refer note 22.	
	
	
	
	
	
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered accountants
ICAI Registration No. 301003E/E300005
ROHIT RELAN	
Chairman and Managing Director
DIN: 00257572	
Place : New Delhi	
Date: May 6, 2026	
RISHABH RELAN
Whole Time Director
DIN: 07726444
Place : New Delhi
Date: May 6, 2026
RAJIV ARORA
Whole Time Director and CEO
DIN: 07976398
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
per AMIT CHUGH
Partner
Membership no. 505224
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
RITU BAKSHI	
Company Secretary	
Place : Gurugram	
Date: May 6, 2026	
VINOD KUMAR
Chief Financial Officer
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 86 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
84
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
CIN: L34300DL1986PLC023540
A	
Equity Share Capital ( Refer note 16)
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
 Nos. 
 Amount 
Equity Shares of Rs. 2 each issued, subscribed and fully 
paid up
As at 1st April, 2024
 31,400,000 
 628.00 
Changes in equity share capital during the year
 31,400,000 
 628.00 
Balance as at 31st March, 2025
 62,800,000 
 1,256.00 
Changes in equity share capital during the year
 - 
 - 
Balance as at 31st March 2026
 62,800,000 
 1,256.00 
B	
Other Equity ( Refer note 17)	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Reserves & Surplus
Total
General 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
As at 1st April,2024
 3,950.73 
 12,103.91 
 16,054.64 
Net profit for the year
 - 
 3,270.03 
 3,270.03 
Other Comprehensive Income for the year net of tax
 5.00 
 5.00 
Dividend paid during the year
 - 
 (502.40)
 (502.40)
Issue of Bonus Shares (refer note 16(f))
 - 
 (628.00)
 (628.00)
As at 31st March 2025
 3,950.73 
 14,248.54 
 18,199.27 
Net profit for the year
 - 
 4,223.12 
 4,223.12 
Other Comprehensive Income for the year net of tax
 (21.60)
 (21.60)
Dividend paid during the year (refer note 38(j))
 - 
 (690.80)
 (690.80)
As at 31st March 2026
 3,950.73 
 17,759.26 
 21,709.99 
Summary of material accounting policies	
	
2
Contingent liabilities and commitments	 	
	
27
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered accountants
ICAI Registration No. 301003E/E300005
ROHIT RELAN	
Chairman and Managing Director
DIN: 00257572	
Place : New Delhi	
Date: May 6, 2026	
RISHABH RELAN
Whole Time Director
DIN: 07726444
Place : New Delhi
Date: May 6, 2026
RAJIV ARORA
Whole Time Director and CEO
DIN: 07976398
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
per AMIT CHUGH
Partner
Membership no. 505224
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
RITU BAKSHI	
Company Secretary	
Place : Gurugram	
Date: May 6, 2026	
VINOD KUMAR
Chief Financial Officer
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 87 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
85
1.	
Corporate information
	
The financial statements comprise financial statements of Bharat Seats Limited (the Company) (CIN 
L34300DL1986PLC023540) for the year ended 31st March 2026. The Company is a public company domiciled 
in India and is incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act applicable in India. Its shares are listed on 
two recognised stock exchanges in India, viz., Bombay Stock Exchange Limited & National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited. The Company is a joint venture of Suzuki Motor Corporation- Japan, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. and 
M/s Rohit Relan and Associates. The registered office of the Company is located at 1, Nelson Mandela Road, 
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070.
	
The Company is principally engaged in the manufacturing of complete seating system and interior component 
for the automotive and surface transport. The Company’s manufacturing facilities are located in Haryana and 
Gujarat. Information on other related party relationships of the Company is provided in Note 38(d).
	
The Standalone financial statements were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution passed by the 
Board of Directors of the Company on 6th May 2026.
	
The financial statements once approved by the Board of directors needs to be adopted by the shareholders 
at the annual general meeting of the company. The Board of directors can withdraw and re-issue the financial 
statements so adopted only in specific cases such as non-compliance with the applicable accounting standards, 
with the approval of Tribunal, after following the appropriate procedure as per Companies Act, 2013.
2.	
Material Accounting policies
2.1	
Basis of preparation 
	
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind AS) notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to 
time) and presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (as amended from 
time to time), (Ind AS compliant Schedule III), as applicable to the financial statements.
	
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, requires management to make estimates, 
judgments and assumptions that affects the application of accounting policies and reported amount of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses and the disclosures of the contingent assets and liabilities at the date of financial 
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Any revision to estimate is recognized prospectively in current and future periods.
	
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost convention on an accrual basis except for 
certain financial instruments, financial assets, and defined employee benefits plan, which have been measured at 
fair value or at revalued amount.
	
The accounting policies and related notes further described the specific measurements applied for each of the 
assets and liabilities.
	
Financial Statements are presented in INR and all values are rounded to nearest Lakhs (INR 00,000) except 
when otherwise stated.
	
The Company has prepared the financial statement on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going 
concern.
2.2	
Property, plant and equipment
	
Items of property, plant and equipment except items stated below are stated at cost, net of accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the 
plant and equipment and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met. 
Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and 
equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are 
recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning of an 
asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met.
	
Capital work in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any. Capital work-in-progress 
includes cost of property, plant and equipment under installation / under development as at the balance sheet 
date. It is capitalised from the date construction is complete and asset is ready for its intended use.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026

--- PAGE 88 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
86
	
Land is measured at fair value less accumulated impairment losses recognised at the date of revaluation. Buildings 
are measured at fair value less accumulated depreciation on buildings and impairment losses recognised at the 
date of revaluation. Valuations are performed with sufficient frequency to ensure that the carrying amount of a 
revalued asset does not differ materially from its fair value.
	
A revaluation surplus is recorded in OCI and credited to the revaluation surplus in equity. However, to the extent 
that it reverses a revaluation deficit of the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss, the increase is 
recognised in profit or loss. A revaluation deficit is recognised in the P&L, except to the extent that it offsets an 
existing surplus on the same asset recognised in the revaluation surplus.
	
An annual transfer from the revaluation surplus to retained earnings is made for the difference between 
depreciation based on the revalued carrying amount of the asset and depreciation based on the asset’s original 
cost. Additionally, accumulated depreciation as at the revaluation date is eliminated against the gross carrying 
amount of the asset and the net amount is restated to the revalued amount of the asset. Upon disposal, any 
revaluation surplus relating to the particular asset being sold is transferred directly to retained earnings.
	
An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising 
on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the asset) is included in the P&L when the asset is derecognised.
	
The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at 
each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
	
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated on straight line basis over the useful lives of the 
assets are as follow:
Nature
Method
Estimated useful life 
(years)
Useful life as per 
Companies Act, 2013 (years)
Plant and machinery 
Straight line method
8-21
15
Electrical fittings
Straight line method
21
10
Tools and dies
Straight line method
5
15
Furniture and Fixtures
Straight line method
10
10
Vehicles
Straight line method
8
8
Office Equipment
Straight line method
5
5
Computers
Straight line method
3 and 6
3 and 6
Building
Straight line method
30
30
	
Electrical fittings and plant & machinery has been depreciated over useful life different from life specified in 
Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013 based on the technical estimates made by the management, it believes that 
the useful lives as given above represent the period over which the assets are expected to be used.
	
Assets having value less than Rs. 5,000 are depreciated fully in the year of purchase.
2.3	
Intangible assets
	
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets 
acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. 
Internally generated intangibles, excluding capitalised development costs (refer below policy for R&D costs), are 
not capitalised and the related expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the period in which the expenditure is 
incurred.
	
The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.
	
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the 
amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each 
reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic 
benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and 
are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is 
recognised in the P&L unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.

--- PAGE 89 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
87
	
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised, but are tested for impairment annually, either 
individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The assessment of indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine 
whether the indefinite life continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is 
made on a prospective basis.
	
An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included 
in the P&L when the asset is derecognised.
	
Research and Development cost
	
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development expenditure incurred on an individual project is 
recognised as an intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate all the following:
i)	
The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
ii)	
Its intention to complete and ability and intention to use or sell the asset;
iii)	 How the asset will generate future economic benefits;
iv)	 The availability of adequate resources to complete the development and to use or sale the asset; and
v)	
The ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during development.
	
Following the initial recognition of the development expenditure as an asset, the cost model is applied requiring the 
asset to be carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization 
of the asset begins when development is complete and the asset is ready for the intended use. It is amortised on 
straight line basis over the estimated useful life. Amortisation expense is recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
	
During the period of development, the asset is tested for impairment annually.
2.4	
Impairment of non-financial assets
	
The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. 
If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates 
the asset's, recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating 
unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an 
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other 
assets or group of assets. When the carrying amount of asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset 
is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. 
	
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-
tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to 
the asset. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account, if 
available. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
	
The Company's impairment calculation is based on detailed budgets and forecast calculations which are prepared 
separately for each of the Company’s cash-generating units to which the individual assets are allocated. These 
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five years. For the remaining economic life of the 
asset or cash-generating unit (CGU), a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to projected future cash 
flows after the fifth year.
	
Impairment losses of continuing operations, including impairment on inventories, are recognised in the statement 
of profit and loss, except for properties previously revalued with the revaluation surplus taken to OCI. For such 
properties, the impairment is recognised in OCI up to the amount of any previous revaluation surplus.
	
After impairment, depreciation is provided on the revised carrying amount of the asset over its remaining economic 
life.
	
An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized 
impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the Company 
estimates the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is 
reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount 
since the last impairment loss was recognized. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset 
does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net 
of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal is 
treated as a revaluation increase.

--- PAGE 90 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
88
2.5	
Leases
	
The Company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
	
Company as a lessee
	
The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-
use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
i)	
Right-of-use assets
	
The Company recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets 
includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or 
before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a 
straight-line basis over the lease term.
	
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Company at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the 
exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.
	
The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies in section (Impairment of 
non-financial assets).
ii)	
Lease liabilities
	
At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value 
of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in 
substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an 
index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also 
include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments 
of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to terminate. 
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are 
incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
	
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its weighted average cost of debts as 
incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is 
not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the 
accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities 
is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., 
changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) 
or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
	
Short term leases and leases of low value assets
	
The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and 
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do 
not contain a purchase option).
	
The Company applies the low-value asset recognition exemption on a lease-by-lease basis, if the lease qualifies 
as leases of low-value assets, with a value when new of up to INR 3 lacs. In making this assessment, the 
Company also factors below key aspects:
	 •	
The assessment is conducted on an absolute basis and is independent of the size, nature, or circumstances 
of the lessee.
	 •	
The assessment is based on the value of the asset when new, regardless of the asset's age at the time of the 
lease.
	 •	
The lessee can benefit from the use of the underlying asset either independently or in combination with other 
readily available resources, and the asset is not highly dependent on or interrelated with other assets.
	 •	
If the asset is subleased or expected to be subleased, the head lease does not qualify as a lease of a low-
value asset.

--- PAGE 91 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
89
	
Based on the above criteria, the Company has classified leases of water coolers as leases of low value assets. 
	
Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
line basis over the lease term.
	
Company as a lessor
	
Leases in which the Company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset 
are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating lease is recognized as per the terms of lease 
agreement. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying 
amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent 
rents are recognized as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
	
Leases are classified as finance leases when substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership transfer from 
the Company to the lessee. Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recorded as receivables at the 
Company’s net investment in the leases. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect 
a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment outstanding in respect of the lease.
2.6	
Foreign Currencies
	
Items included in the financial statements are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The Company’s financial statements are presented in 
Indian rupee (Rs.) which is also the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
	
Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency, using the exchange 
rate prevailing at the date of transaction.
	
Measurement of foreign currency items at the balance sheet date
	
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot 
rates of exchange at the reporting date. 
	
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.
	
Exchange differences
	
Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized as income or expense 
in the period in which they arise with the exception of exchange differences arising on reporting of long term 
foreign currency monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initially recorded in so far as 
they relate to the acquisition of depreciable capital assets are shown by addition to/deduction from the cost of the 
assets as per exemption provided under IND AS 21 read along with Ind AS 101 appendix ‘D’ clause-D13AA. 
2.7	
Borrowing Costs
	
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the 
respective asset. All other borrowing costs are recognized as expense in the period in which they occur.
	
Borrowing cost includes interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds and charged 
to Statement of Profit & Loss on the basis of effective interest rate.
2.8	
Inventories
a.	
Basis of valuation:
	
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value after providing cost of obsolescence, if 
any.
	
Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition are accounted for as follows:
i)	
Raw materials: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to 
their present location and condition. Cost is determined on first in, first out basis.
ii)	
Finished goods and work in progress: cost includes cost of direct materials and labour and a 
proportion of manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating capacity but excluding borrowing 
costs. Cost is determined on first in, first out basis.
iii)	 Traded goods: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to 
their present location and condition. Cost is determined on weighted average basis.

--- PAGE 92 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
90
	
Initial cost of inventories includes the transfer of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges, recognised in 
OCI, in respect of the purchases of raw materials.
	
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
2.9	
Cash and cash Equivalents
	
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits 
with an original maturity of three months or less, that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and 
subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. 
	
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks and on hand 
and short-term deposits, as defined above net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral 
part of the Company’s cash management.
2.10	 Employees Benefits
i)	
Short-term obligations
	
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly 
within twelve months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are 
recognized in respect of employee service upto the end of the reporting period and are measured at the 
amount expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee 
benefit obligations in the balance sheet.
ii)	
Other long-term employee benefit obligations
a)	
Gratuity
	
The Employee’s Gratuity Fund Scheme, which is defined benefit plan, is maintained with Life insurance 
Corporation. The liabilities with respect to Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation on projected 
unit credit method on the balance sheet date, based upon which the Company contributes to the Company 
Gratuity Scheme. The difference, if any, between the actuarial valuation of the gratuity of employees at 
the year end and the balance of funds is provided for as assets/ (liability) in the books. Net interest is 
calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The Company recognizes 
the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under Employee benefit expense in statement of 
profit or loss:
	 1.	 Service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and 
non-routine settlements.
	 2.	 Net interest expense or income.
	
Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts 
included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts 
included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognized immediately in the Balance Sheet 
with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through OCI in the period in which they occur. 
Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
b)	 Provident fund
	
Retirement benefits in the form of Provident fund / Pension Schemes are defined contribution schemes 
and the contributions are charged to the statement of profit and loss of the year when the contributions to 
the respective funds become due. The Company has no obligation other than contribution payable to these 
funds.
c)	
Compensated Absences
	
Accumulated leaves which are expected to be utilized within next 12 months are treated as short term 
employee benefit. The Company measures the expected cost of such absences as the additional amount 
that it expects to pay as a result of the unused entitlement and is discharged by the year end. The Company 
recognizes expected cost of short-term employee benefit as an expense, when an employee renders the 
related service.
	
The Company treats accumulated leaves to be carried forward beyond 12 months as long-term employee 
benefits for measurement purpose, such long term compensated absence are provided for based on 

--- PAGE 93 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
91
actuarial valuation which is done as per projected unit credit method at year end. Actuarial gains/losses are 
immediately taken to the statement of profit and loss and are not deferred. The obligations are presented as 
current liabilities in the balance sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer the settlement 
for at least twelve months after the reporting date.
2.11	 Fair Value Measurement
	
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption 
that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
a)	
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
b)	
In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
	
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. The fair value of an asset or 
a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, 
assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
	
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
	
The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data 
are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
	
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole:
	
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
	
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable.
	
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable.
	
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Company 
determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation 
(based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each 
reporting period.
	
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has determined classes of assets & liabilities on the 
basis of the nature, characteristics and the risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as 
explained above.
2.12	 Financial Instruments
	
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or 
equity instrument of another entity.
i)	
Financial assets
The Company classified its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
•	
Those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit & loss).
•	
Those measured at amortized cost.
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value 
through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss. 
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash 
flow characteristics and the Company’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade 
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Company has applied 
the practical expedient, the Company initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case 
of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not 

--- PAGE 94 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
92
contain a significant financing component or for which the Company has applied the practical expedient are 
measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115. Refer to the accounting policies in 2.13 
“Revenue from contracts with customers”. 
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it 
needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal 
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level. 
Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or 
loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Company’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in 
order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting 
contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at 
amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through OCI are held 
within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by 
regulation or convention in the marketplace (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the 
date that the Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.
Subsequent measurement
For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories:
•	
Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
•	
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) with recycling of cumulative 
gains and losses (debt instruments)
•	
Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses 
upon derecognition (equity instruments) 
•	
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
The Company’s financial assets are only classified as debt instruments at amortised cost.
Financial Assets at amortized cost (Debt instruments)
A ”financial asset” is measured at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met:
1)	
Business model test: The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for 
collecting contractual cash flows (rather than to sell the instrument prior to its contractual maturity to 
release its fair value change), and
2)	
Cash flow characteristics test: Contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the 
effective interest rate (EIR) method. Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or 
premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly 
discount the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter 
period, where appropriate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets. When calculating the effective 
interest rate the company estimate the expected cash flow by considering all contractual terms of the financial 
instruments.  The EIR amortization is included in finance income in the profit or loss. The losses arising from 
impairment are recognized in the profit or loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables.
Financial assets at FVTPL
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the balance sheet at fair value with net 
changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
FVTPL is a residual category for financial instruments. Any financial instrument, which does not meet the 
criteria for amortized cost or FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a Debt instrument that is 
subsequently measured at FVTPL and is not a part of a hedging relationship is recognized in statement of 
profit or loss and presented net in the statement of profit and loss within other gains or losses in the period in 
which it arises. Interest income from these Debt instruments is included in other income.

--- PAGE 95 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
93
Derecognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a Company of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Company's statement of financial position) when:
•	
the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
•	
the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation 
to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a "pass through" 
arrangement and either;
(a)	 the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
(b)	 the Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset but 
has transferred control of the asset.
When the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. 
When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor 
transferred control of the asset, the Company continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the 
Company’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognises an associated liability. The 
transferred assets and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations 
that the Company has retained.
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower 
of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Company 
could be required to repay.
Impairment of financial assets
In accordance with IND AS 109, the Company applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurement 
and recognition of impairment loss on the following financial asset and credit risk exposure.
-	
Financial assets measured at amortised cost, e.g., Loans, Security deposits, trade receivable, bank 
balance, other financial assets etc.
The Company follows “simplified approach” for recognition of impairment loss allowance on trade receivables. 
Under the simplified approach, the Company does not track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognizes 
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
For recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets and risk exposure, ECLs are recognised in 
two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within 
the next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the 
remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL). 
There is no significant credit risk in relation to financial assets including trade receivables.
The Company considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. 
However, in certain cases, the Company may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or 
external information indicates that the Company is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in 
full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Company. A financial asset is written off 
when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
Reclassification of financial assets
The Company determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. After initial 
recognition, no reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity instruments and financial 
liabilities. For financial assets which are debt instruments, a reclassification is made only if there is a change 
in the business model for managing those assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be 
infrequent. The Company's senior management determines change in the business model as a result of 
external or internal changes which are significant to the Company's operations. Such changes are evident 
to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Company either begins or ceases to 
perform an activity that is significant to its operations. If the Company reclassifies financial assets, it applies 
the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next 
reporting period following the change in business model. The Company does not restate any previously 
recognized gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.

--- PAGE 96 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
94
ii)	
Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, 
loans and borrowings, and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. The Company financial 
liabilities include loans and borrowings including bank overdraft, trade payable, trade deposits, retention 
money and other payables.
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:
Trade Payables
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end 
of financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 90 days of 
recognition. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 
12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using EIR method.
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial 
liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are 
classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. Gains or 
losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. Financial liabilities 
designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated as such at the initial date 
of recognition, and only if the criteria in IND AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair 
value gains/ losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/ losses are 
not subsequently transferred to profit and loss. However, the Company may transfer the cumulative gain or 
loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the statement of profit or 
loss. The Company has not designated any financial liability as at fair value through profit and loss.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction cost incurred. After initial recognition, 
interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. 
Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the 
EIR amortization process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included as finance 
costs in the statement of profit and loss.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. 
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is 
treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the 
respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there 
is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a 
net basis, to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
2.13	 Revenue from contract with customer
	
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred 
to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in 
exchange for those goods or services. The Company has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue 
arrangements because it typically controls the goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
	
Sale of goods
	
Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the assets is transferred to the 
customer, generally on delivery of the goods. The normal credit term is 30 to 60 days upon delivery.

--- PAGE 97 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
95
	
The Company also considers whether there are other promises in the contract that are separate performance 
obligations to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price 
for the sale of goods, the Company considers the effects of variable consideration, the existence of significant 
financing components, non-cash consideration, and consideration payable to the customer (if any).
	
i)	
Variable Consideration
If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount of 
consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer. The variable 
consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant 
revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated 
uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The contracts for the sale of goods 
provide price revision receivable from/payable to customers on account of change of commodity prices/
purchase price and these prices escalations and relaxations give rise to variable consideration. Contract 
revenue includes price revision received/receivable from customers and similarly, price revision for material 
purchased or payable to vendors has also been included in purchases.
	
ii)	
Significant financing component
Generally, the Company receives short-term advances from its customers. Using the practical expedient in 
Ind AS 115, the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant 
financing component if it expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised 
good or service to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.
	
Contract balances
	
Contract Assets
	
A contract asset is a right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customers. If the 
Company performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or 
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognized for the earned consideration that is conditional.
	
Trade receivables
	
A receivable represents the Company’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the 
passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due). Refer to accounting policies of financial 
assets for further reference.
	
Contract liabilities
	
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has 
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Company transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the 
payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when 
the Company performs under the contract.
	
Other revenue streams:
	
i)	
Interest Income
Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount outstanding and the 
applicable interest rate. Interest income is included under the head “other income” in the statement of profit 
and loss.
	
ii)	
Lease income
Rental income arising from operating leases on property let out by the Company is accounted for on a 
straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in other income in statement of profit and loss.
	
iii)	 Rendering of services
Revenue from service-related activities is recognised as and when services are rendered and on the basis 
of contractual terms with the parties and is included in revenue in the statement of profit and loss under the 
head other income.

--- PAGE 98 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
96
2.14	 Taxes
	 Current income tax 
	 Tax expense comprises current tax expense and deferred tax.
	 Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to 
the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or 
substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Company operates and generates taxable 
income.
	 Current income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either 
in other comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns 
with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and considers whether 
it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Company reflects the effect 
of uncertainty for each uncertain tax treatment by using either most likely method or expected value method, 
depending on which method predicts better resolution of the treatment.
	 Deferred Tax
	 Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet approach on temporary differences between the tax base of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. 
	 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
-	
When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction 
that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor 
taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
-	
In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 
interests in joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and 
it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable 
profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
-	
When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition 
of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, 
affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and 
deductible temporary differences;
-	
In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 
interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the 
temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which 
the temporary differences can be utilized.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it 
is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to 
be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the 
extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
In assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets, the Company relies on the same forecast assumptions 
used elsewhere in the financial statements and in other management reports.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when 
the asset is realised, or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other 
comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction 
either in OCI or directly in equity.
The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable 
right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities 
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity which intends 

--- PAGE 99 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
97
either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected 
to be settled or recovered.
Goods and Services Tax (GST) / value added taxes paid on acquisition of assets or on incurring expenses
Expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST paid, except:
-	
When the tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in 
which case, the tax paid is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense 
item, as applicable;
-	
When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of tax included
The net amount of tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of other current 
assets/ liabilities in the balance sheet.
2.15	 Earnings Per Share
	
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events such as bonus issue, bonus 
element in a rights issue, share split, and reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that have changed the 
number of equity shares outstanding, without a corresponding change in resources.
	
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the 
effect of all potentially dilutive equity shares.
2.16	 Events after the reporting period
If the Company receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of approval of financial 
statements, about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information 
affects the amounts that it recognises in its separate financial statements. The Company will adjust the amounts 
recognised in its financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the 
disclosures that relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period, the Company will not change the amounts recognised in its separate financial statements but 
will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting event and an estimate of its financial effect, or a statement that such 
an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.
2.17	 Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
	
Provisions
	
A provision is recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of past 
event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The expense relating to a provision 
is presented in the statement of profit and loss net of any reimbursement. These estimates are reviewed at each 
reporting date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.
	
If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision 
due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
	
Onerous Contracts
	
If the Company has a contract that is onerous, the present obligation under the contract is recognised and 
measured as a provision. However, before a separate provision for an onerous contract is established, the 
Company recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets dedicated to that contract. 
	
An onerous contract is a contract under which the unavoidable costs (i.e., the costs that the Company cannot 
avoid because it has the contract) of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits 
expected to be received under it. The unavoidable costs under a contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from 
the contract, which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to 
fulfil it. The cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract (i.e., both incremental 
costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities).

--- PAGE 100 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
98
	
Contingent liabilities
	
Contingent liability is:
(a)	 a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity or 
(b)	 a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because; 
-	
it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation, or
-	
the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.
-	
the Company does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence and other required 
disclosures in notes to the financial statements, unless the possibility of any outflow in settlement is remote
Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets and commitments are reviewed at each balance sheet date.
2.18	 Dividend distributions
	
The Company recognizes a liability to make payment of dividend to owners of equity when the distribution is 
authorized and is no longer at the discretion of the Company and is declared by the shareholders. A corresponding 
amount is recognised directly in equity.
2.19	 Current versus non – current classification
	
The Company segregates assets and liabilities into current and non-current categories for presentation in the 
balance sheet after considering its normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in Ind AS 1, “Presentation of 
Financial Statements”. For this purpose, current assets and liabilities include the current portion of non-current 
assets and liabilities respectively. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as non-current.
	
The operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and 
cash equivalents. The Company has identified period up to twelve months as its operating cycle. The terms of the 
liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments do 
not affect its classification.
	
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are classified as non- current assets and liabilities.
3.	
Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions:
	
The preparation of the Company’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could 
result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in 
future periods.
	
Judgements
	
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, 
which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
a)	
Operating lease commitments – Company as lessor
The Company has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Company 
has determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease 
term not constituting a substantial portion of the economic life of the commercial property, and that it retains 
all the significant risks and rewards of ownership of these properties and accounts for the contracts as 
operating leases.
b)	 Assessment of lease term:
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise an extension option or not exercise a termination option.
Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is 
reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated). The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or 
a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is within the control of 
the lessee.

--- PAGE 101 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
99
c)	
Revenue from contracts with customers
The Company applied the following judgments that significantly affect the determination of the amount and 
timing of revenue from contracts with customers:
	
•	
Determining method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint.
Certain contracts for the sale of products include a right of price revision on account of change of commodity 
prices/purchase price that give rise to variable consideration. In estimating the variable consideration, the 
Company is required to use either the expected value method or the most likely amount method based on 
which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled. 
The Company determined that the most likely method is the appropriate method to use in estimating the 
variable consideration for the sale of products. The selected method that better predicts the amount of 
variable consideration was primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds contained in the contract. 
The most likely amount method is used for those contracts with a single volume threshold, while the expected 
value method is used for contracts with more than one volume threshold. 
Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Company considers 
whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Company determined that the estimates 
of variable consideration are not constrained based on its historical experience, business forecast and the 
current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the variable consideration will be resolved within 
a short time frame.
Estimates and assumptions
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting 
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, are described below. The Company based its assumptions and 
estimates on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and 
assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances 
arising beyond the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
a)	
Property, plant and equipment
The useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment are determined by the management 
based on technical assessment by the management. The Company believes that the derived useful life best 
represents the period over which the Company expects to use these assets.
b)	 Taxes
Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of complex tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and the 
amount and timing of future taxable income. Given the wide range of business relationships and the long-
term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results 
and the assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments 
to tax income and expense already recorded. The Company establishes provisions based on reasonable 
estimates. The amount of such provisions is based on various factors, such as experience of previous tax 
audits and differing interpretations of tax regulations by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority. 
Such differences of interpretation may arise on a wide variety of issues depending on the conditions prevailing 
in the respective domicile of the companies.
c)	
Gratuity benefit
The cost of defined benefit plans (i.e., Gratuity benefit) is determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions which may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexity of the valuation, the underlying assumptions and its long-term 
nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions 
are reviewed at each reporting date. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management considers 
the interest rates of long term government bonds with extrapolated maturity corresponding to the expected 
duration of the defined benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables 
for the specific countries. Future salary increases and pension increases are based on expected future 
inflation rates for the respective countries. Further details about the assumptions used, including a sensitivity 
analysis, are given in Note 38 (a).

--- PAGE 102 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
100
d)	 Fair value measurement of financial instrument
When the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be 
measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques 
including the Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable 
markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair 
values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes 
in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
e)	
Impairment of financial assets
The impairment provisions of financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected 
loss rates. the Company uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the 
impairment calculation, based on Company's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward 
looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
f)	
 Impairment of non-financial assets
Impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable 
amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.
The fair value less costs of disposal calculation is based on available data from binding sales transactions, 
conducted at arm's length, for similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing 
of the asset. The value in use calculation is based on a DCF model. The cash flows are derived from the 
budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring activities that the Company is not yet committed 
to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset's performance of the CGU being tested. The 
recoverable amount is sensitive to the discount rate used for the DCF model as well as the expected future 
cash-inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes. These estimates are also relevant to other 
intangibles. 
g)	 Lease incremental borrowing rate
The Company cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore its incremental 
borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liability. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Company would have 
to pay to borrow over similar terms, and with a similar security, the fund necessary to obtain an asset of a 
similar value to the right of use assets in similar economic environments. The IBR therefore affects what the 
Company "would have to pay" which requires estimates when no observable rates are available or when they 
need to be adjusted to reflect the term and conditions of the lease. The Company estimates the IBR using 
observable inputs such as market interest rates when available.
4.	
New and amended standards 
	
The Company applied for the first-time certain standards and amendments, which are effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 April 2025. The Company has not early adopted any standard, interpretation or amendment 
that has been issued but is not yet effective.
	
(i) Amendments to Ind AS 21 - Lack of exchangeability
	
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notified the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment 
Rules, 2025, which amend Ind AS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates to specify how an 
entity should assess whether a currency is exchangeable and how it should determine a spot exchange rate 
when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments also require disclosure of information that enables users of its 
financial statements to understand how the currency not being exchangeable into the other currency affects, or is 
expected to affect, the entity’s financial performance, financial position and cash flows. 
	
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2025. When applying the 
amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information. 
	
The amendments do not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

--- PAGE 103 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
101
	 (ii)	 Amendments to Ind AS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current 
Liabilities with Covenants
In August 2025, the MCA notified amendments to paragraphs 69 to 76 of Ind AS 1 to specify the requirements 
for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:  
•	
What is meant by a right to defer settlement 
•	
That a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period 
•	
That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right 
•	
That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms 
of a liability does not impact its classification  
In addition, a requirement has been introduced to require disclosure when a liability arising from a loan 
agreement is classified as non-current and the entity’s right to defer settlement is contingent on compliance 
with future covenants within twelve months.  
If there is a breach of a material covenant of a long term loan arrangement on or before the end of the 
reporting period, resulting in the liability becoming payable on demand as at the reporting date, and the 
lender agrees—after the reporting period but before the financial statements are approved for issue—not 
to demand repayment for at least 12 months as a consequence of the breach, this shall be treated as an 
adjusting event. Accordingly, the entity is not required to classify the liability as current.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2025 retrospectively 
in accordance with Ind AS 8.
The amendments have not had an impact on the classification of Company’s liabilities.
	
(iii)	 Amendments to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 107 - Supplier Finance Arrangements
In August 2025, the MCA notified amendments to Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures to clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require additional 
disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist 
users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s 
liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. 
The amendments do not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.
	
(iv)	 International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to Ind AS 12
	
In August 2025, the MCA notified amendments to Ind AS 12 Income Taxes in response to the OECD’s BEPS Pillar 
Two rules and include: 
•	
A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the 
jurisdictional implementation of the Pillar Two model rules; and 
•	
Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand an 
entity’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes arising from that legislation, particularly before its effective date. 
	
The mandatory temporary exception – the use of which is required to be disclosed – applies immediately. The 
remaining disclosure requirements apply for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2025, but not 
for any interim periods ending on or before 31 March 2026. 
	
The amendments had no impact on the Company’s financial statements as the Company is not in scope of the 
Pillar Two model rules.

--- PAGE 104 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
102
Notes to financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 
Note - 5(a) : Property, plant and equipment
 (Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated) 
Particulars
Freehold 
Land
Leasehold 
Land
Office 
Equipments
Furniture & 
Fixtures
Buildings
Plant & 
Equipment
Vehicles
Electrical 
Fittings
Computers 
Total
Gross block at
Cost
At 1 April 2024
 1,041.99 
 39.41 
 300.49 
 288.51 
 11,910.04 
 25,824.88 
 383.34 
 2,220.92 
 696.90 
 42,706.48 
Additions
 - 
 - 
 45.41 
 9.95 
 777.60 
 2,114.65 
 166.21 
 156.80 
 57.85 
 3,328.47 
Disposals
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (291.00)
 (67.14)
 (3.61)
 (1.84)
 (363.59)
At 31 March 2025
 1,041.99 
 39.41 
 345.90 
 298.46 
 12,687.64 
 27,648.53 
 482.41 
 2,374.11 
 752.91 
 45,671.36 
Additions
 - 
 - 
 154.98 
 43.04 
 4,409.74 
 6,751.31 
 88.79 
 424.35 
 142.03 
 12,014.24 
Disposals
 - 
 - 
 (0.99)
 (0.93)
 - 
 (725.39)
 (40.35)
 (12.62)
 (11.90)
 (792.18)
At 31 March 2026
 1,041.99 
 39.41 
 499.89 
 340.57 
 17,097.38 
 33,674.45 
 530.85 
 2,785.84 
 883.04 
 56,893.42 
Accumulated 
Depreciation
At 1 April 2024
 - 
 39.40 
 182.50 
 234.99 
 2,950.02 
 17,196.78 
 130.34 
 764.78 
 464.07 
 21,962.88 
Charge for the year
 - 
 0.01 
 33.48 
 8.22 
 389.43 
 1,775.69 
 50.39 
 96.51 
 89.72 
 2,443.45 
Disposals
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (181.91)
 (54.62)
 (1.01)
 (1.74)
 (239.28)
At 31 March 2025
 - 
 39.41 
 215.98 
 243.21 
 3,339.45 
 18,790.56 
 126.11 
 860.28 
 552.05 
 24,167.05 
Charge for the year
 - 
 - 
 55.52 
 17.11 
 547.20 
 2,316.65 
 60.22 
 119.00 
 116.81 
 3,232.51 
Disposals
 - 
 - 
 (0.94)
 (0.88)
 - 
 (424.83)
 (22.93)
 (7.38)
 (11.32)
 (468.28)
At 31 March 2026
 - 
 39.41 
 270.56 
 259.44 
 3,886.65 
 20,682.38 
 163.40 
 971.90 
 657.54 
 26,931.28 
Net book value
At 31 March 2026
 1,041.99 
 - 
 229.33 
 81.13 
 13,210.73 
 12,992.07 
 367.45 
 1,813.94 
 225.50 
 29,962.14 
At 31 March 2025
 1,041.99 
 - 
 129.92 
 55.25 
 9,348.19 
 8,857.97 
 356.30 
 1,513.83 
 200.86 
 21,504.31 
Note: i) On transition to Ind AS (i.e. 1 April 2015), the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all Property, plant and equipment measured as 
per the previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of Property, plant and equipment.
ii)	
The amount of borrowing costs capitalised during the year ended 31 March 2026 is Rs. 24.50 lakhs. The effective interest rate of the borrowing based on which 
capitalisation done at 8.52% 
iii)	 Property, plant and equipment are subject to charge to secure the company's borrowings (refer note 18.1)
iv)	 All title deeds of immovable property plant and equipment are held in the name of the company.

--- PAGE 105 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
103
Notes to financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026
Note - 5(b) : Intangible assets	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
Computer software
Total
Gross block at Cost
 At 1 April 2024 
 385.12 
 385.12 
 Additions 
 221.03 
 221.03 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 At 31 March 2025 
 606.15 
 606.15 
 Additions 
 68.38 
 68.38 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 At 31 March 2026 
 674.53 
 674.53 
 Accumulated Amortisation 
 At 1 April 2024 
 268.78 
 268.78 
 Amortisation 
 41.68 
 41.68 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 At 31 March 2025 
 310.46 
 310.46 
 Amortisation 
 77.10 
 77.10 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 At 31 March 2026 
 387.56 
 387.56 
 Net block 
 At 31 March 2026 
 286.97 
 286.97 
 At 31 March 2025 
 295.69 
 295.69 
Note: i) On transition to Ind AS (i.e. 1 April 2015), the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all 
Intangible Assets measured as per the previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of Intangible 
Assets.
Note - 5(c) : Right of use assets	 	
 (Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated) 
Particulars
Leasehold land
Total
Gross carrying value
 At 1 April 2024 
 6,967.46 
 6,967.46 
 Additions 
 101.43 
 101.43 
 Disposals 
 (50.74)
 (50.74)
 At 31 March 2025 
 7,018.15 
 7,018.15 
 Additions 
 59.37 
 59.37 
 Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 At 31 March 2026 
 7,077.52 
 7,077.52 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 At 1 April 2024 
 263.76 
 263.76 
 Charge for the year 
 138.86 
 138.86 
 Other Adjustments 
 121.36 
 121.36 
 At 31 March 2025 
 523.98 
 523.98 
 Charge for the year 
 219.77 
 219.77 
 Other Adjustments 
 1,008.79 
 1,008.79 
 At 31 March 2026 
 1,752.54 
 1,752.54 
 Net carrying value 
 At 31 March 2026 
 5,324.98 
 5,324.98 
 At 31 March 2025 
 6,494.17 
 6,494.17 

--- PAGE 106 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
104
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
6	
Capital work in progress	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Capital work in progress
Opening cost
 8,956.90 
 4,883.47 
Additions during the year * 
 3,363.40 
 6,178.03 
Capitalised during the year
 (11,136.11)
 (2,104.60)
 1,184.19 
 8,956.90 
* Capital work in progress includes interest Nil (31st March 2025: Rs 216.60 lakhs)
Capital work in progress ageing schedule as at 31st March 2026	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
Total
Projects in progress
 1,181.97 
 2.22 
 - 
 - 
 1,184.19 
Projects temporarily suspended
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,181.97 
 2.22 
 - 
 - 
 1,184.19 
Capital work in progress ageing schedule as at 31st March 2025	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
Total
Projects in progress
 5,697.59 
 3,259.31 
 - 
 - 
 8,956.90 
Projects temporarily suspended
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,697.59 
 3,259.31 
 - 
 - 
 8,956.90 
Note: No projects under capital work in progress (CWIP) were suspended as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025. 
Also, no projects are overdue in terms of time and cost as per original plans.
7	
Other financial assets 	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits
 137.55 
 130.30 
 137.55 
 130.30 
Break up of financial assets carried at amortised cost	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Trade Receivables (refer note 11)
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Cash & cash equivalent (refer note 12)
 1,530.86 
 295.58 
Other financial assets (refer note 14)
 101.04 
 99.44 
Total financial assets carried at amortised cost
 27,977.01 
 20,059.98 
8	
Other non current assets	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital advances 
 165.89 
 8.48 
Prepaid expenses
 76.19 
 16.30 
 242.08 
 24.78 
Note: No advances are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with any other 
person. Nor any advances are due from firm or any private companies respectively in which any director is a partner, 
director or a member.

--- PAGE 107 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
105
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
9	
Non-current tax assets (net)		
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Advance Tax (net of provisions and tax deducted at source) (refer 
note 27(a)(iv))
 968.97 
 1,106.12 
 968.97 
 1,106.12 
10	
Inventories *	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(Valued at lower of cost and net realisable value)
Raw materials and components (Goods in transit of Rs. 38.69 lakhs; 
31st March 2025:Rs. 81.99 lakhs)
 4,870.26 
 4,700.11 
Work-in-progress
 348.53 
 274.89 
Finished goods
 502.29 
 358.99 
Stores and spares
 296.01 
 203.42 
Traded Goods
 7.63 
 7.42 
 6,024.72 
 5,544.83 
Note:
*Inventories are hypothecated with the bankers against working capital limits ( Refer note 18 and 22). 
11	
Trade receivables	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(Unsecured)
Trade Receivables
 3,392.60 
 984.95 
Receivable from related parties (refer note 38 (d))
 22,952.51 
 18,680.01 
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Break-up for security details:
Trade Receivables
Secured, considered good
 - 
 - 
Unsecured, considered good
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk
 - 
 - 
Trade Receivables - credit impaired
 - 
 - 
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Impairment Allowance (allowance for bad and doubtful debts)
Unsecured, considered good
 - 
 - 
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in credit Risk
 - 
 - 
Trade Receivables - credit impaired
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Note:
a)	
Trade Receivables are non interest bearing. Credit period generally falls in the range of 30 to 60 days.
b)	
No trade or other receivables are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with 
any other person. Nor trade or other receivables are due from firm or any private companies respectively in which 
any director is a partner, director or a member.

--- PAGE 108 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
106
Trade receivables ageing schedule as at 31st March 2026	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Current but 
 not due
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
 - 1 year
1-2 
Years
2-3 
years
More than 
 3 years
Total
Undisputed trade 
receivables - 
considered good
 1,900.94 
 23,023.34 
1,389.76
31.07
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26,345.11 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – which 
have significant 
increase in credit 
risk
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Undisputed Trade 
receivable – credit 
impaired
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables - 
considered good
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables – which 
have significant 
increase in credit 
risk 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables – credit 
impaired
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
1900.94 
 23,023.34  1,389.76 
 31.07 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26,345.11 
Trade receivables ageing schedule as at 31st March 2025	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Current but 
 not due
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
 - 1 year
1-2 
Years
2-3 
years
More than 
 3 years
Total
Undisputed trade 
receivables - 
considered good
 - 
 18,189.14  1,045.83 
 429.99 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,664.96 
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – which 
have significant 
increase in credit 
risk
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Undisputed Trade 
receivable – credit 
impaired
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables - 
considered good
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables – which 
have significant 
increase in credit 
risk 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed Trade 
receivables – credit 
impaired
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,189.14 
 1,045.83 
 429.99 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,664.96 

--- PAGE 109 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
107
12	
Cash and cash equivalents	 	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Balance with banks:
Current accounts
 0.23 
 5.84 
Surplus balance in cash credit account
 1,522.01 
 288.46 
Cash on hand
 0.34 
 0.10 
Balance with Japanese bank, Japan
 8.28 
 1.18 
 1,530.86 
 295.58 
Note:	(i)	 There are no restrictions with regard to cash and cash equivalents at the end of the current and previous year.
(ii)	The company has undrawn cash credit facility of Rs. 1,760.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank Limited and Rs.1,760.00 
lakhs from HDFC Bank Limited as on 31st March 2026.
13	
Other bank balances	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Unclaimed dividend accounts*
 16.53 
 16.53 
 16.53 
 16.53 
* The company can utilise the balance towards settlement of unclaimed dividend.
14	
Other financial assets	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Fixed Deposits account with an original maturity of more than twelve 
months but remaining maturity less than twelve months
 101.04 
 99.44 
 101.04 
 99.44 
15	
Other current assets 	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Advances given to suppliers
 1,255.77 
 384.55 
Others
Balance with statutory / government authorities
 4.32 
 - 
Prepaid expenses
 266.74 
 250.66 
Interest accrued but not due
 6.09 
 1.56 
Other receivables
 6.98 
 - 
 1,539.90 
 636.77 
16	
Share Capital
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026 
As at 
 31st March 2025
Equity Share Capital
(a)
Authorised Share Capital
7,50,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each (31st March 2025: 
7,50,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each)
 1,500.00 
 1,500.00 
Issued ,subscribed & fully paid-up
6,28,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each (31st March 2025: 
6,28,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- each)
 1,256.00 
 1,256.00 

--- PAGE 110 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
108
(b)	
Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year 	
	
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
No. of shares
 Amount in 
lakhs 
No. of shares
 Amount in 
lakhs 
At the beginning of the year
 62,800,000 
 1,256.00 
 31,400,000 
 628.00 
Changes during the year (refer note 
16(f))
 - 
 - 
 31,400,000 
 628.00 
 62,800,000 
 1,256.00 
 62,800,000 
 1,256.00 
(c)	
Terms/rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 2/- per share ( 31st March 2025 
: Rs 2/- per share). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. The company declares and 
pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of 
the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
 
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining 
assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
(d)	
Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company is set out below (representing legal 
and beneficial ownership): 
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Name of Shareholders 
 As at 31st March 2026 
 As at 31st March 2025 
No. of 
Shares held
% of Holding 
No. of 
Shares held
% of Holding 
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 9,300,000 
 14.81 
 9,300,000 
 14.81 
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
 9,300,000 
 14.81 
 9,300,000 
 14.81 
NDR Auto Components Limited
 18,000,000 
 28.66 
 18,000,000 
 28.66 
Rohit Relan
 - 
 - 
 6,994,316 
 11.14 
Rohit Relan Family Trust
 10,288,358 
 16.38 
 - 
 - 
 46,888,358 
 74.66 
 43,594,316 
 69.42 
As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/ members and other declarations received 
from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial 
ownerships of shares.

--- PAGE 111 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
109
(e )	 Details of Shareholding of promoters alongwith changes during the year
Shares held by 
promoters at the end 
of the year
 No. of 
shares 
As at 31st 
March 2026 
 % of Total 
Shares 
 % change 
during the 
current 
year 
 No. of 
shares As at 
31st March 
2025 
 % of Total 
Shares 
 % change 
during the 
previous 
year 
Promoters and 
Promoters group
NDR Auto Components 
Limited
 18,000,000 
28.66%
0.00%
 18,000,000 
28.66%
0.00%
Suzuki Motor 
Corporation, Japan
 9,300,000 
14.81%
0.00%
 9,300,000 
14.81%
0.00%
Maruti Suzuki India 
Limited
 9,300,000 
14.81%
0.00%
 9,300,000 
14.81%
0.00%
Pranav Relan JT.Rohit 
Relan
 - 
0.00%
(1.38%)
 866,500 
1.38%
0.02%
Rishabh Relan JT. Rohit 
Relan
 - 
0.00%
(1.19%)
 746,000 
1.19%
0.02%
Rohit Relan
 - 
0.00%
(11.14%)
 6,994,316 
11.14%
0.00%
Ritu Relan JT. Rohit 
Relan
 - 
0.00%
(0.92%)
 575,000 
0.92%
0.02%
Ayush Relan JT. Rohit 
Relan
 - 
0.00%
(0.70%)
 442,542 
0.70%
0.01%
Rohit Relan JT.Ritu 
Relan
 - 
0.00%
(1.06%)
 664,000 
1.06%
0.02%
Rohit Relan Family Trust
 10,288,358 
16.38%
16.38%
 - 
0.00%
0.00%
 46,888,358 
74.66%
0.00%
46,888,358 
74.66%
0.09%
(f )	
Following the approval granted by the shareholders via a postal ballot notice, with the results announced on 
December 9, 2024, the company had issued 3,14,00,000 fully paid-up bonus equity shares, each with a nominal 
value of Rs 2, in a 1:1 ratio. As a result of the share allotment on 9th December, 2024, the company's issued, 
subscribed and paid-up capital was increased to Rs 1,256 lakhs. This increase was achieved by capitalizing Rs 
628 lakhs from the company's free reserves.
(g)	
Aggregate number of equity shares issued as bonus, shares issued for consideration other than cash and shares 
bought back during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date:
As at 
 31st March 
2026
As at 
 31st March 
2025
As at 
 31st March 
2024
As at 
 31st March 
2023
As at 
 31st March 
2022
Nos. in Lakhs
Nos. in Lakhs
Nos. in Lakhs
Nos. in Lakhs
Nos. in Lakhs
Equity 
shares 
allotted 
as 
fully paid bonus shares by 
capitalization 
of 
securities 
premium
 - 
 314 
 - 
 - 
 - 
As per records of the company, including its register of shareholders/ members and other declarations received 
from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial 
ownerships of shares.

--- PAGE 112 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
110
17	
Other equity	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
(a)	 General reserve
Balance as at the beginning of the year
 3,950.73 
 3,950.73 
Transfer from statement of profit & loss
 - 
 - 
 3,950.73 
 3,950.73 
(b)	 Retained earnings
Balance as at the beginning of the year
 14,248.54 
 12,103.91 
Add : Profit for the year
 4,223.12 
 3,270.03 
Add : Remeasurements gain/losses on defined benefit plan 
 (21.60)
 5.00 
Issue of fully paid bonus shares 3,14,00,000/- of Rs. 2 each
 - 
 (628.00)
Less : Dividend of Rs. 1.10 per share for March 2025 (31st 
March, 2024 Rs. 1.60/- per share)
 (690.80)
 (502.40)
 17,759.26 
 14,248.54 
 21,709.99 
 18,199.27 
Nature and purpose of reserves
(i)	
General reserve - Under the erstwhile Companies Act 1956, general reserve was created through an annual 
transfer of net income at a specified percentage in accordance with applicable regulations. The purpose of these 
transfers was to ensure that if a dividend distribution in a given year is more than 10% of the paid-up capital of the 
Company for that year, then the total dividend distribution is less than the total distributable results for that year. 
Consequent to introduction of Companies Act 2013, the requirement to mandatorily transfer a specified percentage 
of the net profit to general reserve has been withdrawn. However, the amount previously transferred to the general 
reserve can be utilised only in accordance with the specific requirements of Companies Act, 2013.
(ii)	 Retained Earnings - Retained earnings are the profits/(loss) that the Company has earned/incurred till date, less 
any transfers to general reserve, debenture redemption or other reserve as well as dividends or other distributions 
paid to shareholders. Retained earnings include re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined benefit plans, net of 
taxes that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss. The amount is available for distribution to the 
shareholders.
18	 Borrowings	 	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Non Current Borrowings
Secured
Term loans -from banks
 1,490.43 
 2,761.89 
Unsecured
Loans from related parties (refer note 38 (d))
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
 3,750.43 
 5,021.89 

--- PAGE 113 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
111
18.1	 The requisite particulars in respect of secured borrowings are as under:	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st 
March 
2026
 As at  
31st 
March 
2025 
Particulars of security / guarantees / 
terms of repayment / default
Term Loan - HDFC 
Bank-1 
Particulars of security:
First pari-passu charge on all movable fixed assets of the Company.
Equitable mortgage on factory land and building located at 
Bhorakalan
Second pari-passu charge on Current assets of the Company.
Terms of repayment:
Period of loan is 48 months (Including 3 months moratorium 
period), sanctioned on 27th February, 2023, repayable in 45 equal 
monthly instalments commencing from 27 August, 2023.
Rate of interest is at 3 months MCLR, rate ranging from 8.70% to 
9.69% per annum.
Balance outstanding
Current maturity
 577.78
 533.33 
1,111.11
 533.33
Non-current amount
 44.45 
 577.78 
Term Loan - HDFC 
Bank-2 
Particulars of security:
First pari-passu charge on all movable fixed assets of the Company.
Equitable mortgage on factory land and building located at 
Bhorakalan
Second pari-passu charge on Current assets of the Company
Terms of repayment:
Period of loan is 5 years (Including 1 year moratorium period), 
sanctioned on 6th February, 2024, repayable in 48 equal monthly 
instalments commencing from 22nd March, 2025
Rate of interest is at 3 months T-bill, rate ranging from 7.08% to 
8.19% per annum.
Balance outstanding
Current maturity
 1,059.11
 363.13 
1,422.24 
 363.13
Non-current amount
 695.98 
 1,059.11 
Term Loan - ICICI 
Bank 
Particulars of security:
First pari-passu charge on immovable assets at Bhorakalan
First pari-passu charge by way of hypothecation on all movable 
fixed assets (excluding assets exclusively charged to other 
lenders) of the borrowers, both present and future
Second pari-passu charge on Current assets of the Company.
Terms of Repayment:
Period of loan is 16 quarters (Including 3 quarter moratorium 
period), sanctioned on 22nd February, 2024, repayable in 16 
equal quarterly instalments commencing from 05th April, 2025 
Rate of interest is at I-MCLR-3M+ Spread per annum, rate ranging 
from 8.35% to 8.85% per annum.
Balance outstanding
Current maturity
 1,125.00
 375.00 
1,500.00
 375.00
Non-current amount
 750.00 
 1,125.00 
Total
 1,490.43 
 2,761.89 
The company has used the borrowing from banks for the specific purpose for which it was obtained
18.2	 The requisite particulars in respect of unsecured borrowings  are as under:
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
 As at  
31st March 2025
Particulars of terms of repayment / 
default/ rate of interest
Loans from related parties
-Loan from directors
   Balance outstanding
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 Repayable by the year 2028. 
   Current maturity
- 
-
Present Rate of interest is @ 8.30% per 
annum
   Non - current amount
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
Total
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
The Company has satisfied all the loan covenants. The company has not defaulted on any loan payment

--- PAGE 114 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
112
19(a)	 Non- current lease liabilities	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Non-current lease liabilities (refer note 38(i))
 5,505.62 
 6,697.77 
 5,505.62 
 6,697.77 
19(b)	 Current lease liabilities	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Current lease liabilities (refer note 38(i))
 482.44 
 494.66 
 482.44 
 494.66 
20	
Non- Current provisions
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
Provision for employee benefits
Gratuity (refer note 38 (a))
 276.56 
 126.53 
 276.56 
 126.53 
21	
Income Taxes	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at 
 31st March 2025
a)
Income Tax expense in the statement of profit and loss 
comprises:
Current income tax charge
 1,516.19 
 1,179.95 
Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years
 22.95 
 1.89 
Deferred Tax
Relating to origination and reversal of timing differences
 (2.00)
 (62.26)
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit and loss
 1,537.14 
 1,119.58 
b)
Other comprehensive income
Tax on Re-measurement gain/(losses) on defined benefit plans
 7.26 
 (1.68)
Income tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year
 7.26 
 (1.68)
c)
Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit 
multiplied by India's domestic tax rate:
Accounting profit before tax
 5,760.26 
 4,389.61 
Applicable tax rate
25.168%
25.168%
Computed tax expense
 1,449.74 
 1,104.78 
Expense not allowed for tax purpose
 71.71 
 11.23 
Tax Relating to earlier year
 22.95 
 1.89 
Income tax charged to Statement of Profit and loss at effective 
rate
 1,544.40 
 1,117.90 

--- PAGE 115 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
113
(d)
Deferred tax relates to the following:
As at 31st 
March 2026
 As at 31st 
March 2025
for the year 
ended 31st 
March 2026
for the year 
ended 31st 
March 2025
Deferred tax assets on account 
of :
Effect of expenditure debited to 
statement of profit and loss in the 
current year but allowed for tax 
purposes in following years
 195.08 
 99.77 
 95.31 
 20.43 
Difference in right on use assets and 
lease liabilities
 157.77 
 90.39 
 67.38 
 56.67 
Total deferred tax assets
 352.85 
 190.16 
 162.69 
 77.10 
Deferred tax liabilities on account 
of :
Differences in depreciation in block of 
property plant & equipment as per tax 
books and financial books
 962.15 
 801.46 
 160.69 
 14.84 
Total deferred tax liabilities
 962.15 
 801.46 
 160.69 
 14.84 
Deferred tax expense/(income) 
 (2.00)
 (62.26)
Net deferred tax liabilities
 609.30 
 611.30 
(e)
Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities (net)
As at 
31st March 2026
As at 
31st March 2025
Opening balance
 611.30 
673.56
Tax expense (credits) during the year recognised in Statement 
to profit and loss
 (2.00)
 (62.26)
Closing balance
 609.30 
 611.30 
22	
Short Term Borrowings  	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Secured 
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (refer note 18)
 1,271.46 
 1,271.46 
Unsecured 
Inter corporate loan
 - 
 1,700.00 
 1,271.46 
 2,971.46 
For details on repayment terms, applicable rate of interest and other significant relevant terms refer note 18.1

--- PAGE 116 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
114
The requisite particulars in respect of borrowings are as under:
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025 
Particulars of security / guarantees / terms of 
repayment / default
Unsecured Loan:
Inter corporate loans
 - 
 1,700.00 Short term inter- corporate loan taken from NDR 
Auto Components Limited at current rate of 
8.30% repaid in April-2025.
 - 
 1,700.00 
Note:
i)	
The company has undrawn cash credit facility of Rs. 1760.00 lakhs from ICICI Bank Limited and Rs.1760.00 lakhs 
from HDFC Bank Limited as on 31st March 2026.
ii)	
The monthly statements of revenue filed by the Company during the year with banks are in agreement with the 
books of accounts.
iii)	 The Company has not defaulted on any loan payable.
Change in liabilities arising from financing activities	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
1st April 
2025
Cash flows
New Lease
Others
31st March 
2026
Non-current borrowings (refer note 18 and 
22)
 5,021.89 
 (1,271.46)
 - 
 - 
 3,750.43 
Short term Borrowings (refer note 22)
 2,971.46 
 (1,700.00)
 - 
 - 
 1,271.46 
Lease Liabilities
 7,192.43 
 (36.61)
 59.37 
 (1,227.13)
 5,988.06 
Total
 15,185.78 
 (3,008.07)
 59.37 
 (1,227.13)
 11,009.95 
1st April 
2024
Cash flows
New Lease
Others
31st March 
2025
Non-current borrowings (refer note 18)
 5,303.77 
 436.41 
 - 
 (718.29)
 5,021.89 
Short term Borrowings (refer note 22)
 3,535.45 
 (1,282.28)
 - 
 718.29 
 2,971.46 
Lease Liabilities (refer note 19(a) & (b))
 7,149.35 
 (59.03)
 - 
 102.11 
 7,192.43 
Total
 15,988.57 
 (904.90)
 - 
 102.11 
 15,185.78 
The ‘Others’ column includes the effect of interest accrued on  lease liabilities and current maturities of long-term 
borrowings.
23	
Trade payables	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 
(refer below note)
 2,373.81 
 1,494.04 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 29,506.55 
 24,323.69 
 31,880.36 
 25,817.73 
* Trade Payables include due to related parties Rs 7,225.40 lakhs (31st March 2025: Rs 6,271.92 lakhs) refer note 
38 (d)
* Trade Payables are unsecured and usually paid within 30 to 60 days of recognition.
* Trade Payables are usually non-interest bearing.
* For terms and conditions with related party refer note 38(d)

--- PAGE 117 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
115
Trade payables ageing schedule as at 31st March 2026	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Not due
Less 
than 1 
year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More 
than 3 
years
Total
Total Outstanding dues of micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
 - 
 2,276.38 
 97.43 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,373.81 
Total Outstanding dues of creditors 
other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 1,069.65 21,813.33 
6,440.48 
 166.18 
 14.55 
 2.36 
 29,506.55 
 1,069.65 24,089.71 
6,537.91 
 166.18 
 14.55 
 2.36 
 31,880.36 
Trade payables ageing schedule as at 31st March 2025	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Unbilled
Not due
Less 
than 1 
year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More 
than 3 
years
Total
Total Outstanding dues of micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
 - 
 1,447.62 
 46.42 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,494.04 
Total Outstanding dues of creditors 
other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 - 15,301.08 
8,777.85 
 157.34 
 65.43 
 21.99 
 24,323.69 
 - 16,748.70 
8,824.27 
 157.34 
 65.43 
 21.99 
 25,817.73 
Disclosure under  MSMED Act	
	
	
	
	
	
Details of dues to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
i)	
Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier covered under 
MSMED Act (refer note 23)
 2,373.81 
 1,494.04 
ii)	
Interest due remaining unpaid to any supplier covered under MSMED 
Act
Nil
Nil
iii)	
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section16, of the 
MSMED Act, 2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the 
supplier beyond the appointed day during each accounting year.
Nil
Nil
iv)	
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in 
making payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed 
day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under 
MSMED Act.
Nil
Nil
v)	
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of 
each accounting year.
Nil
Nil
vi)	
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in 
the succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues   as 
above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of 
disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section  23 of the 
MSMED Act, 2006.
Nil
Nil
In respect to total outstanding due to micro enterprises and small enterprises beyond the period of 45 days from the 
due date, there has been delay in payment due to non submission of requisite documents by the respective vendors. 
Hence the company has been unable to process their payments and thus, has not been accounted for interest on such 
delay, which is not attributable to the company
Note: The total dues of Micro and Small Enterprises which were outstanding for more than stipulated period are Rs. 
97.43 lakhs

--- PAGE 118 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
116
24	
Other financial liabilities	
	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings
 30.16 
 47.71 
Unclaimed dividends ( refer note (a) &(b))
 16.53 
 16.53 
Other Payables
Capital Creditors
 391.19 
 796.77 
Security deposit
 0.50 
 0.50 
Employee benefit obligations
 438.76 
 643.16 
 877.14 
 1,504.67 
(a)	
Investor Education and Protection Fund is being credited by the amount of unclaimed dividend after seven 
years from the due date. The Company has transferred Rs. 3.41 lakhs (31st March, 2025 Rs.3.07 lakhs) out of 
unclaimed dividend pertaining to the financial year 2017-18 to Investor Education and Protection Fund of Central 
Government in accordance with the provisions of section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013.
(b)	
These are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
25	
Other current liabilities	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Statutory dues payable
 279.55 
 1,267.58 
Contract liabilities (refer note 28.2)
 5,226.07 
 439.48 
 5,505.62 
 1,707.06 
26	
Current provisions	 	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
Provision for employee benefits 
Gratuity (refer note 38 (a))
 50.27 
 17.75 
Leave encashment
 489.85 
 344.29 
 540.12 
 362.04 
Since the company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for any of the leave obligations, it disclosed 
the amount as current liabilities. However, the company does not expect that all leave obligations will be settled in the 
next 12 months
27	
Contingent liabilities & commitments	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As at 
 31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
(A)	
Contingent liabilities ( to the extent not provided for)
(a)	 Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt
i)	
Excise duty cases (refer note (i) below)
 - 
 228.21 
ii)	
GST case (refer note (ii) below)
 3,382.41 
 3,382.41 
iii)	 Labour cases (refer note (iii) below)
 179.22 
 173.00 
iv)	 Income tax demand (refer note (iv) below)
 1,002.00 
 2,768.00 
 4,563.64 
 6,551.62 
(B)	
Commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on 
capital account and not provided for:
a)	
Capital commitments (net of advance)
 616.52 
 1,081.47 
b)	
Other commitments (net of advance)
 166.54 
 576.83 
 783.06 
 1,658.30 

--- PAGE 119 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
117
(i)	
During the previous year, there was an ongoing dispute involving excise demands pertaining to various years 
ranging from 1996 to 1999. The company was contesting this matter which was pending with appellate authorities. 
During the current year, the Tribunal set aside the impugned order and allowed the appeals filed by the Company.
(ii)	 An industry-wide dispute arose regarding the appropriate classification and GST rate applicable to the supply 
of two-wheeler seats. To prevent immediate contention, the Company proactively deposited the differential tax 
liability. During the prior years, the GST authority, issued an order due to the misclassification of two-wheeler 
seats under an incorrect HSN code. This order confirmed a demand and appropriated an amount of Rs. 3382.42 
lakhs for the period from November 15, 2017 to March 31, 2024. The Company has already deposited this amount 
under protest. Additionally, the order imposed a penalty of Rs. 3382.42 lakhs along with applicable interest. 
The Company has filed an appeal against these orders with the CGST Appellate Authority in Gurugram. On the 
issue of classification, the Commissioner (Appeals) upheld the Department's view. Currently, the Company is in 
the process of filing a further appeal against the said Order-in-Appeal before the appropriate appellate forum, 
as prescribed under the CGST Act, 2017. As per Company’s own assessment and also based on legal advice, 
management is confident of favourable outcome for such appeals. No adjustment has been made to the financial 
statements.
(iii)	 The Company has suspended few workmen in the year 2002 for misconduct and instigating other workmen to 
give less production. The Company has adhered to all the stipulated process as is desired by statute, mainly 
the Industrial Dispute Act and The Payment of Wages Act. The workmen have raised a demand notice and state 
government has raised the dispute to Industrial Tribunal cum Labour court. The tribunal has passed order in favour 
of workmen with reinstatement with back wages. On 17 July 2025 bench of single judge of honourable High court 
give decision in the favour of workers, the company challenge decision in dual bench of High court and same 
is admitted. The Company has filed a Special leave petition in Supreme Court and Writ petition in High court 
and court has granted the stay in case pending before them. The Company is contesting the demands and the 
management, including its legal advisors, believe that its position will likely to be upheld in the honourable Courts 
and accordingly no provision has been accrued in the financial statements for the demand raised.
(iv)	 In the financial year 2023-24, the Income Tax Department ('the department') conducted a search under section 132 
of the Income Tax Act, 1961 at certain premises of the Company including manufacturing locations and residence 
of few of its employees/key managerial personnel. Subsequently the Company received demand orders amounting 
to Rs. 2,243.72 lakhs (excluding penalties) for the Assessment Years 2014-15 to 2024-25, along with a penalty 
demand order of Rs. 524.28 lakhs for the Assessment Year 2022-23. The Company filed appeals against the tax and 
penalty demand orders received from department with the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals). Subsequently, 
the Company has filed rectification application of Rs. 1,187.66 lakhs concerning the outstanding demand. 
The Company has now received orders from the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) reducing the 
demand to Rs. 245.25 lakhs for the Assessment Years 2013-14 to 2024-25, except for Assessment 
Year 2022-23, for which the order (including the penalty order) is still awaited. The total demand 
orders 
against 
assessment 
year 
2022-23 
amounts 
to 
Rs. 
756.75 
lakhs 
(including 
penalties). 
As per Company’s own assessment and also based on legal advice, management is confident of favourable 
outcome for such appeals. Pending outcome of appeal proceedings, no adjustment has been made to these 
financial statements.
(C)	
For Commitment related to lease, refer note 38(i).
28	
Revenue from operations	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
 Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Revenue from contract with Customers
a) Sale of products
 194,514.50 
 128,254.92 
b) Sale of services
 245.59 
 317.45 
c) Other operating revenues
Scrap sales 
 335.05 
 310.10 
Revenue from operations (a+b+c)
 195,095.14 
 128,882.47 

--- PAGE 120 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
118
28.1	 Disaggregated revenue information
	
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company's revenue from contracts with customers:   
Type of goods
Seating system
 143,958.94 
 108,889.95 
Carpets
 10,422.85 
 5,420.82 
Extrusions
 1,431.08 
 1,542.22 
2Wheeler Wheel Assembly
 32,143.08 
 5,478.86 
Others
 6,558.56 
 6,923.07 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 194,514.50 
 128,254.92 
India
 194,678.05 
 128,237.05 
Outside India
 82.04 
 335.32 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 194,760.09 
 128,572.37 
Timing of revenue recognition 
Goods transferred at a point in time 
 194,514.50 
 128,254.92 
Services transferred over time
 245.59 
 317.45 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 194,760.09 
 128,572.37 
28.2	 Contract balances
Trade receivables 
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Contract liabilities - Advance from customer
 5,226.07 
 439.48 
Set out below is the amount of revenue recognised from :- 
 Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Amount included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
 432.48 
 - 
Performance obligation satisfied in previous year
 - 
 - 
Trade Receivables are non interest bearing. Credit period generally falls in the range of 30 to 60 days.
Contract liabilities consist of short-term advances received from customer to supply goods.
28.3	 Reconciling the amount of revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss with the contracted 
price
Revenue as per contracted price
 194,940.57 
 128,603.83 
Adjustments
Sales return
 (180.48)
 (31.46)
Revenue from contracts with customers
 194,760.09 
 128,572.37 
28.4	 Performance obligation
The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the product to the customer and payment is generally due 
within 30 to 60 days from delivery 
Revenue from contracts with customers is measured by the Company at the transaction price i.e. amount of 
consideration received/ receivable in exchange of transferring goods or services to the customers. In determining 
the transaction price for the sale of goods, the Company considers the effect of price adjustments, to be claimed/
passed on to the customers, based on various cost parameters like raw material and other costs. Adequate 
Provisions have been made for such price differences with a corresponding impact on the revenue. Accordingly, 
revenue for the current year is net of such price differences. 

--- PAGE 121 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
119
29	
Other income	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Interest received on financial assets measured at amortised cost:
Bank deposits
 35.37 
 6.41 
Interest on Income tax refund
 31.49 
 33.80 
Others
 1.60 
 3.06 
Other non-operating income
Rental Income
 243.69 
 230.37 
Excess provision no longer required written back
 34.30 
 47.28 
Gain on termination of Right of use assets
 - 
 2.18 
Miscellaneous Income
 181.79 
 23.45 
Gain on disposal of property, plant & equipment
 - 
 12.02 
 528.24 
 358.57 
30	
Cost of raw materials and components consumed	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Inventory at the beginning of the year 
 4,700.11 
 3,175.74 
Add: Purchases
 165,607.85 
 109,489.31 
Less: Inventory at the end of the year 
 4,870.26 
 4,700.11 
 165,437.70 
 107,964.94 
31	
Purchase of traded goods	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Purchases
 2,720.57 
 153.45 
 2,720.57 
 153.45 
32	
(Increase)/decrease in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and traded goods
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Inventory at the beginning of the year  
Finished goods 
 358.99 
 376.18 
Work in progress 
 274.89 
 182.86 
Traded Goods 
 7.42 
 21.16 
 641.30 
 580.20 
Inventory at the end of the year  
Finished goods
 502.29 
 358.99 
Work-in-progress 
 348.53 
 274.89 
Traded Goods 
 7.63 
 7.42 
 858.45 
 641.30 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and 
traded goods ((Increase) / Decrease) 
 (217.15)
 (61.10)

--- PAGE 122 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
120
33	
Employee benefits expense	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits
 5,685.42 
 4,747.09 
Contributions to provident and other funds
 261.33 
 215.04 
Gratuity expense (refer note No. 38 (a))
 89.99 
 67.98 
Staff welfare expenses
 521.46 
 284.55 
 6,558.20 
 5,314.66 
33(a)	Exceptional Items	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Salaries, wages, bonus and other benefits
 67.76 
 - 
Gratuity expense (refer note No. 38 (a))
 69.61 
 - 
 137.37 
 - 
On 21 November 2025, the Central Government issued four separate notifications in the Official Gazette announcing 
implementation of four Labour Codes, viz., the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the 
Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020. These four 
codes replace and consolidate 29 existing labour laws. Following the implementation of the four labour codes, the 
Central Government has pre-published the draft rules on 31 December 2025 under the respective Labour Codes, 
for public comment and the final rules are expected to be notified in due course. To ensure smooth implementation, 
the Ministry of Labour and Employment has also issued the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) on the four codes. 
The four codes prescribe an inclusive definition of the term ‘wages’, which among other matters is relevant for 
determination of post-employment benefits including gratuity to all employees. In accordance with the definition, certain 
specified items forming part of remuneration are not included in the wages and these excluded items cannot exceed 
50% of total remuneration. If there is an excess, then it is presumed that excess amount also forms part of wages. The 
four codes also introduce changes related to leave entitlement and encashment for workers. Going forward, workers’ 
leave balance in excess of 30 days will be encashed at the end of each calendar year and workers will have a right to 
demand encashment for entire accumulated leave.
The Company has assessed the impact of these changes on the basis of legal view obtained by the management and 
best information available till authorisation of the financial statements for issue. The Company has determined that 
these changes result in an increase in gratuity obligation and leave obligation of Rs. 69.61 lakhs and Rs. 67.76 lakhs, 
respectively. Considering the materiality and regulatory-driven, non-recurring nature of this change, the Company has 
presented increase in obligation as an expense under the head “Exceptional Items” in the statement of profit and loss 
for the year ended 31 March 2026. Also, pursuant to the change, the entire obligation toward accumulated leave of 
workers has been classified as current liability in the balance sheet as at 31 March 2026. Considering that it is emerging 
topic and the finalisation of Central/ State Rules is still pending, the Company will continue monitoring changes and 
provide appropriate accounting effect as required based on future developments.
34	
Finance costs	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Interest on debts & borrowings
 533.89 
 610.79 
Interest on lease liabilities (refer note 38(i))
 468.98 
 268.11 
Bank charges
 14.13 
 11.81 
 1,017.00 
 890.71 
35	
Depreciation and amortization expenses	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 5(a))
 3,232.51 
 2,443.45 
Depreciation of right of use assets (refer note 5(c) and 38(i))
 219.77 
 138.86 
Amortization of intangible assets (refer note 5(b))
 77.10 
 41.68 
 3,529.38 
 2,623.99 

--- PAGE 123 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
121
36	
Other expenses	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Power and  fuel
 1,724.43 
 1,258.67 
Rent (refer note 38(i))
 20.39 
 9.58 
Repair and maintenance:
Buildings
 74.89 
 65.60 
Plant and machinery
 593.33 
 400.90 
Others
 198.18 
 133.89 
Insurance
 207.81 
 170.68 
Research and development expenses
 147.97 
 184.43 
Consumption of stores and spares
 102.84 
 77.01 
Payment to Auditors
As Auditors:
Audit Fee
 21.00 
 24.00 
Limited Review
 24.00 
 21.00 
In other capacity - Other services (certification fees)
 - 
 4.00 
Reimbursement of expenses
 3.24 
 3.65 
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
 11.29 
 - 
Exchange Fluctuations (net)
 34.84 
 17.39 
Contribution towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) (refer 
note no. 38 (e))
 74.00 
 54.00 
Contract manpower and jobwork expenses
 4,392.98 
 2,849.27 
Legal and professional expenses
 721.20 
 757.37 
Technical know how fees and royalty
 278.28 
 187.75 
Freight Outward
 711.49 
 568.87 
Travelling and conveyance
 417.06 
 451.77 
Miscellaneous expenses
 920.83 
 724.95 
 10,680.05 
 7,964.78 

--- PAGE 124 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
122
37	
Earnings per equity shares	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Year Ended  
31st March 2026
Year Ended  
31st March 2025
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders 
of 
the 
Company 
by 
weighted 
average 
number 
of 
equity 
shares 
outstanding 
during 
the 
year. 
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the 
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity 
shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
The following table reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations:
a)  Basic Earnings per share
Numerator for earnings per share
Profit for the year
 4,223.12 
 3,270.03 
Denominator for earnings per share
Weighted number of equity shares outstanding 
during the year  (Nos.)
 62,800,000 
 62,800,000 
Earnings per share- Basic (one equity share of Rs. 
2/- each) Rs.
 6.72 
 5.21 
b)  Diluted Earnings per share
Numerator for earnings per share
Profit for the year
 4,223.12 
 3,270.03 
Denominator for earnings per share
Weighted number of equity shares outstanding 
during the year  (Nos.)
 62,800,000 
 62,800,000 
Earnings per share- Diluted (one equity share of Rs. 
2/- each)  Rs.
 6.72 
 5.21 
Note:	(i)	
There are no instruments issued by the Company which have effect of dilution of basic earning per share.
	
(ii)	
There have been no other transaction involving equity shares or potential equity shares between the 
reporting date and date of approval of these financial statements.

--- PAGE 125 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
123
Notes to financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026
38	
Other Notes to Accounts
a. 	
Defined Benefit Plan
	
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan (funded). The Company’s defined benefit gratuity plan is a 
final salary plan for employees, which requires contributions to be made to a separately administered fund. 
The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Under the act, employee who has completed 
five years of service is entitled to specific benefit. The level of benefits provided depends on the member’s length 
of service and salary at retirement age. The Scheme is funded with the Life Insurance Corporation of India in the 
form of a qualifying insurance policy. This defined benefit plan exposes the Company to actuarial risks. The most 
recent actuarial valuation of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation for gratuity were 
carried out as at March 31, 2026. The present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current 
service cost and past service cost, were measured using the Projected Unit Credit Method.
	
The Company has also provided for leave encashment which is unfunded.
	
The following tables summarize the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of the profit 
and loss and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the respective plans:
i)	
Defined benefit Obligation	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Opening defined benefit obligation
 413.50 
 398.08 
Current Service Cost
 80.47 
 62.09 
Interest Cost
 27.29 
 28.26 
Remeasurement (gains)/ losses
 24.42 
 (7.76)
Past Service Cost
 69.61 
 - 
Benefits paid
 (82.57)
 (67.17)
Closing defined benefit obligation
 532.72 
 413.50 
ii)	
Changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year
 269.22 
 315.11 
Interest income
17.77
22.37
Remeasurement gain /(loss): 
-Return on plan assets (expected amounts included in net interest 
expense)
 
(4.43)
 
(1.09)
Contributions from the employer
 5.92 
 - 
Benefits paid
 (82.59)
 (67.17)
Closing fair value of plan assets
 205.89 
 269.22 

--- PAGE 126 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
124
iii)	
The amount included in the Balance Sheet	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Present value of defined benefit obligation
 532.72 
 413.50 
Fair value of plan assets
 205.89 
 269.22 
Amount Recognised in Balance Sheet-Asset/ (Liability)
 (326.83)
 (144.28)
iv)	
Amount recognised in the statement of profit and loss	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Current Service cost
 80.47 
 62.09 
Past Service cost*
 69.61 
 - 
Interest cost on benefit obligation
 9.52 
 5.89 
Remeasurements
 - 
 - 
Defined Benefit Cost recognised in statement of Profit or Loss
 159.60 
 67.98 
* Past service cost has been shown as exceptional item
v)	
Remeasurements- other comprehensive income (OCI)	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Return on plan assets (excluding amount included in net interest 
expense)
 4.43 
 1.09 
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from changes in demographic 
assumption
 - 
 (9.41)
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from changes in financial assumptions
 (13.87)
 12.52 
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from experience adjustments
 38.30 
 (10.88)
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset)
 28.86 
 (6.68)
vi)	
Major categories of plan assets of the fair value of the total plan assets are as follows:
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Insured with LIC
 205.89 
 269.22 
vii)	 The principal assumptions used in determining defined benefit obligation
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Discount rate
7.00%
6.60%
Rate of increase in compensation
9.00%
9.00%
Average outstanding service of employees upto retirement (years)
15.02
23.19
Mortality rate during employment
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)

--- PAGE 127 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
125
viii)	 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Change in discount rate
Decrease in defined benefit obligation due to 1% increase in discount 
rate
 31.81 
 24.32 
Increase in defined benefit obligation due to 1% decrease in discount 
rate
 36.08 
 27.54 
Rate of salary escalation
Increase in defined benefit obligation due to 1% increase in expected 
salary escalation rate
 27.90 
 22.19 
Decrease in defined benefit obligation due to 1% decrease in 
expected salary escalation rate
 26.35 
 20.99 
Change in defined benefit obligation due to 1% increase/ decrease in mortality rate, if all other assumptions remains 
constant is negligible
ix)	
The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on defined 
benefits obligation as a result of reasonable changes in key assumption occurring at the end of the reporting 
period. The sensitivity analysis are based on a change in a significant assumption, keeping all other assumptions 
constant. The sensitivity analysis may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligation 
as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions would occur in isolation from one another.	
x)	
Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation	
	
The following payments are expected contribution to the defined benefit plan in future years.
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
i) Duration of defined benefit payments
Within next 12 months (next arrival reporting period)
 128.62 
 70.75 
Between 2 to 5 years
 180.91 
 191.21 
Above 5 years
 614.75 
 429.15 
Total
 924.28 
 691.11 
The average duration of the defined benefit plan obligation at the end of the reporting period in 10 years (31 March 
2025: 10 years)
xi)	
Enterprise best estimate of contribution during next year	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Enterprise best estimate of contribution during next year
 81.93 
 49.72 
xii)	 The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation are after taking into account inflation, 
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market. The 
above information is as certified by the Actuary.
xiii)	 Discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian Government securities as at the balance sheet 
date for the estimated term of the obligations.
xiv)	 The plan assets are maintained with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).

--- PAGE 128 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
126
b)	
Contribution to Defined Contribution Plan, recognised as expense for the year is as under:
The Company makes contributions to Provident Fund and Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) which 
are defined contribution plan, for qualifying employees. Under the schemes, the Company is required to contribute 
a specified percentage of the payroll costs to fund the benefits. The contributions payable to these plans by the 
Company are at rates specified in the rules of the schemes.
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Provident fund/ other employees  fund
 261.33 
 215.04 
c. 	
 Operating segment information
	
The Company has only one reportable business segment as it manufactures and deals only in different seating 
systems, carpet etc. in terms of Ind AS 108 ”Operating Segment”. Further, the Company operates only in one 
geographical segment -India. All the assets of the Company are located in India. The chief executive officer and 
chief financial officer (chief operating decision maker) monitors the operating results as one single segment for 
the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.  Hence, the disclosure 
requirements of the standard are not considered.
	
The revenue from external customer includes revenue from two customers which is equal to 10% or more of 
entity’s revenue amounts to Rs. 1,64,360.78 lakhs (31st March, 2025: Rs. 1,25,502.11 lakhs).
d. 	
Related party transactions	
	
The related parties as per the terms of Ind AS-24,”Related Party Disclosures”, (specified under section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 7 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2015 as amended from time to time) are 
disclosed below:-
A. 	
Names of related parties and description of relationship:
1)
Nature of relationship
Names of parties 
i)
Entities with Joint Control or significant 
influence over the Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan.
NDR Auto Components Limited
ii)
Key Managerial Personnel 
Mr. Rohit Relan–Chairman and Managing Director
Mr. Rishabh Relan – Whole time Director
Mr. Rajiv Arora - Whole time Director & Chief executive officer w.e.f. 
02.08.2024
Mr. Vinod Kumar - Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Ritu Bakshi-Company Secretary
Ms. Nisha Malhotra - Independent Director 
Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya -Independent Director w.e.f. 01.04.2024
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari -Independent Director w.e.f. 01.04.2024
Ms. Vanita Chhabra -Independent Director w.e.f. 15.05.2024
Ms. Sarthak Behuria - Independent Director w.e.f. 25.09.2024
Ms. Shyamla Khera - Independent Director till 20.07.2024
Mr. Arvind Varma -Independent Director till 20.10.2024
Mr. CV Raman - Nominee Director
Mr. Makoto Kunieda - Nominee Director

--- PAGE 129 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
127
iii)
Relatives of key managerial persons
Mrs. Sharda Relan -Mother of Mr. Rohit Relan
Mrs. Ritu Relan -Wife of Mr. Rohit Relan
Mr. Ayush Relan - Son of Mr. Rohit Relan
Mr. Pranav Relan -  Son of Mr. Rohit Relan
B.R.M. Farm & Nurseries- Partnership firm in which relative of Mr. 
Sudhir Maheshwari are partners
iv)
Enterprises 
over 
which 
entities(s): 
referred to in (i) above is able to exercise 
significant influence
Toyota Boshoku Relan India Private Limited
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited*
NDR Auto Components Safety Systems Private Limited
Machino Polymers Limited
Krishna Maruti Limited
NDR Hayashi Automotive India Private Limited
NDR Auto and BSL Foundation
Rohit Relan Family Trust
Bellsonica Auto Components India Private Limited
*Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited is amalgamated with Maruti Suzuki India Limited effective 01 December, 2025. 
The appointed retrospective date for this integration is 01 April, 2025.	
B.	
Transactions with related parties	
 (Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated) 
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
i)	
Sale of products
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited 
 124,695.64 
 88,253.99 
NDR Auto Components Limited
 17.60 
 4.67 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited 
 39,665.14 
 11,869.31 
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
 16,328.22 
 25,378.81 
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited
 203.97 
 162.61 
Bellsonica Auto Component India Private Limited
 245.10 
 387.38 
Krishna Maruti Limited
 - 
 4.85 
 181,155.67 
 126,061.62 
ii)	
Purchases of Material, traded goods (Including all taxes)
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 58,050.81 
46,587.35
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 2,041.08 
1,579.54
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited(net of reimbursement 
expenses)
 7,061.31 
6,658.49
 67,153.20 
 54,825.38 

--- PAGE 130 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
128
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
iii)	
Other Income:
	
a)	 Rental Income:
	
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited
 116.92 
 114.61 
NDR Auto Components Limited
 126.00 
 115.20 
	
b)	 Management Consultancy Income:
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited 
 - 
 1.50 
	
c)	 Job Work Income:
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
	
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited 
 0.17 
 - 
Krishna Maruti Limited
 - 
 4.00 
d)	
Interest Income:
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 - 
 0.09 
 243.09 
 235.40 
iv)	
Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel
Key Managerial Personnel 
	
Rohit Relan
	
-Short term employee benefits
 378.00 
 316.13 
	
-Post employment benefits
 31.50 
 25.29 
Rishabh Relan
-Short term employee benefits
 100.56 
 91.42 
-Post employment benefits
 7.96 
 8.73 
Rajiv Arora
-Short term employee benefits
 204.09 
 113.79 
-Post employment benefits
 14.29 
 6.84 
Vinod Kumar
-Short term employee benefits
 60.89 
 67.94 
-Post employment benefits
 9.70 
 5.31 
Ritu Bakshi
-Short term employee benefits
 32.77 
 33.18 
-Post employment benefits
 3.02 
 2.73 
842.78
671.35
v)	
Other Expenses :
a)	
Power & Fuel
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 381.35 
 269.96 
b)	
Interest on lease liabilities**
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 467.30 
 583.57 
c)	
Depreciation on Right of use assets
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
212.98
138.86

--- PAGE 131 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
129
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
d)	
Factory Expenses :
Relatives of key managerial personnel
B.R.M. Farm & Nurseries
 11.97 
 11.71 
e)	
Miscellaneous Expenses- Reimbursement of Expenses
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 152.81 
 189.87 
	
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited
 58.61 
 3.42 
 	
Miscellaneous Expenses- Discount on sales
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 38.71 
 - 
f)	
Insurance Expense- reimbursement of expense
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Toyo Sharda India Private Limited
 3.50 
 - 
g)	
Power & Fuel- reimbursement of expense
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 90.58 
 - 
h)	
Employee benefit expense- reimbursement of expense
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
NDR Auto Components Safety Systems Private Limited
 24.75 
 - 
NDR Hayashi Automotive India Private Limited
 63.61 
 - 
i)	
Miscellaneous Expenses- Short term employee benefits 
(Sitting Fees):
	
Key Managerial Personnel
Mr. C.V. Raman*
 3.00 
 3.00 
Ms. Shyamla Khera
 - 
 2.40 
Ms. Nisha Malhotra
 12.00 
 12.60 
Ms. Vanita Chhabra
 9.00 
 6.60 
Mr. Sudhir Maheshwari
 10.20 
 10.20 
Mr. Sanjay Bhattacharyya
 9.60 
 9.00 
Mr. Sarthak Behuria
 7.80 
 3.60 
 1,557.78 
 1,244.79 
* Paid to Maruti Suzuki India Limited, of which Mr. C.V. Raman is a nominee director.	
	
** Lease payments in respect of above parties for the year is amounting to Rs. 494.66 lakhs (previous year Rs 
589.00 lakhs).	
	
vi)	
Interest Expense
Key managerial personnel 
Rohit Relan
 187.58 
 187.58 
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 8.50 
 141.10 
196.08
328.68

--- PAGE 132 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
130
Particulars
2025-26
2024-25
vii)	 Dividend paid:-
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 102.30 
 74.40 
Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan
 102.30 
 74.40 
NDR Auto Components Limited
 198.00 
 144.00 
Key managerial personnel 
Rohit Relan
 84.24 
 61.19 
Rishabh Relan
 8.21 
 5.89 
Relatives of key managerial personnel
Pranav Relan
 9.53 
 6.85 
Ayush Relan
 4.87 
 3.47 
Ritu Relan
 6.33 
 4.52 
618.07
374.72
viii)	 Advance received during the year
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 626.71 
 400.13 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
 4,575.42 
 68.96 
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
 - 
 111.60 
 5,202.13 
 580.70 
ix)	
Sale of property plant and equipment
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 264.11 
 57.28 
 264.11 
 57.28 
x)	
Loan Repaid to Related Parties
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 1,700.00 
 - 
 1,700.00 
 - 
3.	
Closing Balances at the year end
i)	
Trade receivables
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 18,474.56 
 11,727.86 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
NDR Auto Components Safety Systems Private Limited
 29.65 
 - 
NDR Hayashi Automotive India Private Limited
 74.40 
 - 
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
 4,351.98 
 3,351.81 
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
 - 
 3,552.69 
Krishna Maruti Limited
 0.96 
 0.96 
Bellsonica Auto Components India Private Limited
 20.97 
 46.69 
 22,952.51 
 18,680.01 

--- PAGE 133 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
131
ii)	
Trade Payable 
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 6,150.63 
 5,148.79 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Toyo Sharda India Private limited
 1,072.64 
 1,121.21 
Machino Polymers Limited
 0.08 
 - 
Relatives of key managerial personnel
B.R.M. Farm & Nurseries
 2.05 
 1.92 
 7,225.40 
 6,271.92 
iii)	
Performance bank guarantee outstanding in favour of:
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 442.74 
 442.74 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
 9.06 
 9.06 
Suzuki Motor Gujarat Private Limited
 711.03 
 195.30 
1162.84
647.10
iv)	
Long term Borrowing
Unsecured Loans from Key managerial personnel 
Rohit Relan
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
 2,260.00 
v)	
Advance from Customers
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India Limited
 626.71 
 351.32 
Enterprises over which entities(s): referred to in A(i) above 
is able to exercise significant influence       
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited
 4,575.42 
 68.96 
5,202.13
420.28
vi)	
Short Term Borrowings
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
NDR Auto Components Limited
 - 
1,700.00
 - 
 1,700.00 
vii)	 Lease liabilities
Entities with Joint Control or significant influence over the 
Company
Maruti Suzuki India private limited
 5,934.02 
7,192.43
 5,934.02 
 7,192.43 
Terms and Conditions of transactions with related parties
1)	
Sales are made to related parties on the same terms as applicable to third parties in an arm’s length transaction 
and in the ordinary course of business. The Company mutually negotiates and agrees sales price, discount and 
payment terms with the related parties by benchmarking the same to transactions with non-related parties, who 
purchase goods and services of the Company in similar quantities. Such sales generally include payment terms 
requiring related party to make payment within 30 to 60 days from the date of invoice.		
2)	
Trade receivables outstanding balances are unsecured, interest free and require settlement in cash. No guarantee 
or other security has been received against these receivables. The amounts are recoverable within 30 to 60 days 
from the reporting date (31 March 2025: 30 to 60 days from the reporting date). For the year ended 31 March 2026, 
the Company has not recorded any impairment on receivables due from related parties (31 March 2025: Nil)	
3)	
Purchases are made from related parties on the same terms as applicable to third parties in an arm’s length 
transaction and in the ordinary course of business. The Company mutually negotiates and agrees purchase price 

--- PAGE 134 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
132
and payment terms with the related parties by benchmarking the same to sale transactions with non-related parties 
entered into by the counter-party and similar purchase transactions entered into by the Company with the other 
non-related parties. Such purchases generally include payment terms requiring the Company to make payment 
within 30 to 60 days from the date of invoice.	
	
4)	
Trade payables outstanding balances are unsecured, interest free and require settlement in cash. No guarantee 
or other security has been given against these payables. The amounts are payable within 30 to 60 days from the 
reporting date (31 March 2025: 30 to 60 days from the reporting date).	
	
5)	
The Company has taken a loan from its director. The loan has been utilized by the Company for the purpose it 
was obtained. The loan is unsecured, repayable by March 2028 and carries interest rates at the rate of 8.3% per 
annum.	
6)	
The amounts disclosed in the table are the amounts recognised as an expense during the financial year related to 
KMP. The amounts do not include expense, if any, recognised toward post-employment benefits and other long-
term benefits of key managerial personnel. Such expenses are measured based on an actuarial valuation done 
by the Company. Hence, amounts attributable to KMPs are not separately determinable. Generally, non-executive 
directors do not receive any gratuity or post-employment benefits from the Company.	 	
e.	
Expenditure on corporate social responsibility
As per provisions of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has to incur at least 2% of average 
net profits of the preceding three financial years towards Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). Accordingly, a 
CSR committee has been formed for carrying out CSR activities as per the Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 
2013. The Company has contributed a sum of Rs.74.00 lakhs (31st March, 2025 : Rs.54.00 lakhs) towards relief 
activities, education, healthcare and Skil Development purpose. The same is debited to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.  
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Details of CSR expenditure 
Particulars
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2026 
 For the year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
a)	
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year
 74.00 
 54.00 
b)	
Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
 74.00 
 54.00 
c)	
Amount spent during the year (in cash)
i)	 Construction/acquisition of any asset
ii)	 On purposes other than (i) above
 74.00 
 54.00 
d)	
Amount yet to be paid in cash
i)	 Construction/acquisition of any asset
 - 
 - 
ii)	 On purposes other than (i) above
 - 
 - 
e)	
Details related to spent / unspent obligations:
i)	 Contribution to Public Trust
 - 
 - 
ii)	 Contribution to Charitable Trust 
 74.00 
 54.00 
iii)	 Unspent amount in relation to:
 - 
 - 
- Ongoing project
 - 
 - 
- Other than ongoing project
 - 
 - 
 74.00 
 54.00 

--- PAGE 135 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
133
Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing projects
In case of S. 135(6) (Ongoing Project)
Opening Balance
Amount 
required to be 
spent during 
the period
Amount spent during the year
Closing Balance
With Company
In Separate 
CSR Unspent 
A/c
From 
Company’s bank 
A/c
From Separate 
CSR Unspent 
A/c
With Company
In Separate 
CSR Unspent 
A/c
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
In case of S. 135(5) (Other than ongoing project)
Opening 
Balance
Amount deposited in 
Specified Fund of Sch. VII 
within 6 months
Amount required to 
be spent during the 
year
Amount spent 
during the year
Closing 
Balance
 - 
 - 
 74.00 
 74.00 
 - 
f.	
Fair value measurements
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Company’s financial instruments:
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Financial Instruments by category
Carrying Value
Fair Value
As At 31st 
March 2026
As At 31st 
March 2025
As At 31st 
March 2026
As At 31st 
March 2025
Financial assets measured at amortized 
cost
Other Financial assets
 137.55 
 130.30 
 137.55 
 130.30 
Other Current Financial Assets
 101.04 
 99.44 
 101.04 
 99.44 
Trade receivables
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
 26,345.11 
 19,664.96 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
Non-current borrowings
 3,750.43 
 5,021.89 
 3,750.43 
 5,021.89 
Current borrowings
 1,271.46 
 2,971.46 
 1,271.46 
 2,971.46 
Trade payables (Refer Note 38 (l))
 31,880.36 
 25,817.73 
 31,880.36 
 25,817.73 
Other financial liabilities
 877.14 
 1,504.67 
 877.14 
 1,504.67 
Lease liabilities (current and non current)
 5,988.06 
 7,192.43 
 5,988.06 
 7,192.43 
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instruments could be exchanged 
in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following method and 
assumption were used to estimate the fair value.
i)	
The fair value of unquoted instruments, loans from banks and other financial liabilities, as well as other non-
current financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future cash flow using rates currently available for debt 
on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. In additional to being sensitive to a reasonably possible 
change in the forecast cash flow or the discount rate, the fair value of the equity instruments is also sensitive 
to a reasonably possible change in the growth rates. The valuation requires management to use unobservable 
inputs in the model, of which the significant unobservable inputs are disclosed in the tables below. Management 
regularly assesses a range of reasonably possible alternatives for those significant unobservable inputs and 
determines their impact on the total fair value.
ii)	
Receivables/Payables are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such as interest rate, risk factors, 
and individual credit worthiness of the counterparty and the risk characteristics of the financed project. Based on 
this evaluation, allowances are taken into account for the expected credit losses of these receivables.	
iii)	
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement categorized within level 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31st March, 2026 are as shown below :-
Fair Value Hierarchy
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique:
Level 1:	 quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

--- PAGE 136 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
134
Level 2:	 other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, 
either directly or indirectly.
Level 3:	 techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on 
observable market data.
Note:	
The Company has measured its all financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost accordingly, Quantitative 
disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy in not applicable on the Company.
g.	
Financial risk management	
The Company has instituted an overall risk management program which also focuses on the unpredictability of 
financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Company's financial performance. The 
Corporate Finance department evaluates financial risks in close co-operation with the various stakeholders.
The Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. These risks are managed pro-actively by the 
Senior Management of the Company.
i)	
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market prices comprises three types of risk: currency rate risk, interest rate risk and 
other price risks, such as equity price risk and commodity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market 
risks include loans and borrowings, deposits, investments and foreign currency receivables and payables. The 
sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025. 
The analyses exclude the impact of movements in market variables on; the carrying values of gratuity and other 
post-retirement obligations; provisions; and the non-financial assets and liabilities. The sensitivity of the relevant 
Profit and Loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in the respective market risks. This is based on the 
financial assets and financial liabilities held as at 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025.
A)	
Currency Risk:- 
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in foreign 
exchange rates relates primarily to the Company's operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated 
in foreign currency). Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchasing of goods from the 
respective countries. The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from foreign currency transactions 
and follows established risk management policies.
Foreign currency risk sensitivity
The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in USD, Euro and JPY exchange 
rates, with all other variables held constant. The impact on the Company profit before tax is due to changes in the 
fair value of monetary assets and liabilities.
Unhedged foreign currency exposures recognized are as under:	
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Currency Payable
Currency 
Symbol
31st March, 2026
Gain/(loss)
Foreign 
Currency
Indian 
Rupees
Impact on profit before tax
5% Increase
5% 
Decrease
United States Dollar
$
2.48
234.98
 (11.75)
11.75
Euro
€
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Japanese Yen
¥
116.99
69.32
 (3.47)
3.47
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Currency Payable
Currency 
Symbol
31st March, 2025
Gain/(loss)
Foreign 
Currency
Indian 
Rupees 
Impact on profit before tax
5% Increase
5% 
Decrease
United States Dollar
$
3.21
275.17
 (13.76)
13.76
Euro
€
0.45
41.25
 (2.06)
2.06
Japanese Yen
¥
202.43
115.57
 (5.78)
5.78
The Company does not have any derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate 
the risk of changes in exchange rate on foreign currency exposures.  

--- PAGE 137 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
135
B)	
Interest rate risk:
Interest rate is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Company's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates 
primarily to the Company's debt obligation at floating interest rates:  
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Sensitivity Analysis 
Gain/(loss)
Gain/(loss)
Impact on profit 
before tax
Impact on profit 
before tax
50 bps increase
50 bps decrease
31st March 2026
 (25.11)
 25.11 
31st March 2025
 (39.96)
 39.96 
C)	
Price risk
The Company is not exposed to any price risk as there is no investment in securities and the Company does not 
deal in commodities.
ii)	
Liquidity risk:
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. 
The Company employs’ prudent liquidity risk management practices which inter alia means maintaining sufficient 
cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities. Given the nature 
of the underlying businesses, the corporate finance maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability 
under committed credit lines and this way liquidity risk is mitigated by the availability of funds to cover future 
commitments. Cash flow forecasts are prepared and the utilized borrowing facilities are monitored on a daily basis 
and there is adequate focus on good management practices whereby the collections are managed efficiently. The 
Company while borrowing funds for large capital project, negotiates the repayment schedule in such a manner 
that these matches with the generation of cash on such investment. Longer term cash flow forecasts are updated 
from time to time and reviewed by the senior management of the Company.
The table below represents the maturity profile of Company's financial liabilities at the end of 31st March, 2026 
and 31st March, 2025 based on contractual undiscounted payments:
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As At 31st March 2026
On 
Demand
Less 
than 3 
Month
3 to 12 
Month
1-5 years
More 
than 5 
years
Total
Trade payable
-
31,679.37
200.99
-
-
31,880.36
Interest bearing borrowings
-
762.31
553.59
3,705.99
-
5,021.89
Other financial liabilities (excluding 
current maturity of long term borrowings)
-
590.70
286.44
-
-
877.14
Lease liabilities (current and non current)
-
461.57
20.87
1,968.25
13,582.12
16,032.81
Total
-
33,493.95
1,061.89
5,674.24
13,582.12
53,812.20
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
As At 31st March 2025
On 
Demand
Less 
than 3 
Month
3 to 12 
Month
1-5 years
More 
than 5 
years
Total
Trade payable
-
23,208.81
2,364.16
244.76
-
25,817.73
Interest bearing borrowings
-
2,017.86
953.59
5,021.89
-
7,993.35
Other financial liabilities (excluding 
current maturity of long term borrowings)
-
1,050.14
343.66
110.87
-
1,504.67
Lease liabilities (current and non current)
-
427.70
3.79
2,060.91
18,594.54
21,086.94
Total
-
26,704.52
3,665.20
7,438.43
18,594.54
56,402.69
Reconciliation of Interest bearing borrowings:	
	
	
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars 
As At 31st March 2026
As At 31st March 2025
(i)	
Non-Current borrowings
 3,750.43 
5,021.89
(ii)	
Short-term borrowings
 1,271.46 
 2,971.46 
Total
 5,021.89 
 7,993.35 

--- PAGE 138 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
136
iii)	
Credit risk:	
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or the counterparty to a financial instrument 
fails to meet its contractual obligation and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. 
Credit risk arises from cash held with banks, as well as credit exposure to customers including outstanding 
accounts receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying value of the financials assets. 
The Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties, taking in to account their financial position, past 
experience and other factors.
Balances with banks is subject to low credit risk due to good credit ratings assigned to these banks. 
Credit risk relating to trade receivable, securities given is considered negligible as counterparties are having good 
credit quality. 
h. 	
Capital Management
For the purposes of Company’s capital management, Capital includes equity attributable to the equity holders of 
the Company and all other equity reserves. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to 
ensure that it maintains an efficient capital structure and maximize shareholder value. The Company manages its 
capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of the 
financial covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to 
shareholders or issue new shares. The Company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
The Company monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. The 
Company’s policy is to keep the gearing ratio of less than 50%.
The Company net debt includes interest bearing loan and borrowing, lease liabilities less cash and cash 
equivalents. 
	
The gearing ratio for each year is as follows:-	
	
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
A.	 Total Borrowings and lease liabilities (including current 
maturities) (refer note 18, 19(a), 19(b) and 22)
11,009.95
15,185.78
B.	 Less: Cash and Cash Equivalents (excluding unpaid 
dividend account)
 (1,530.86)
 (295.58)
C.	 Net debt (A-B)
9,479.09
14,890.20
D.	 Equity
 22,965.99 
 19,455.27 
E.	 Total Capital and net debt (C+D)
32,445.08
34,345.47
F.	
Gearing Ratio (C/E)
0.29
0.43
In order to achieve this overall objective, the Company’s capital management, amongst other things, aims to 
ensure that it meets financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define capital 
structure requirements. Breaches in meeting the financial covenants would permit the bank to immediately call 
loans and borrowings. There have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and 
borrowing in the current year. 
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended March 
31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
i	
Lease
	
Contractual maturities of lease liabilities
The Company has entered into leases for its commercial premises, duration of such leases is 20 to 33 years. 
These lease agreements are normally renewed on expiry. At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognize lease liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term 
of twelve months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases. For these short-term and low value leases, 
the Company recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of 
the lease. The rental expense charged to statement of profit and loss is Rs. 20.39 lakhs.

--- PAGE 139 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
137
The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognized in the balance sheet at 
the date of initial application is 10.15%, 8.70%, 9.00%.
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year :-
(Rs. in lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
As At 31st March 
2026
As At 31st March 
2025
Opening balance /Reclassified on account of adoption of Ind AS 
116
 7,192.43 
 7,149.35 
Add: Accretion of interest
 468.98 
 583.57 
Add: Addition of Lease Liability
 59.37 
 101.43 
Less: Principal repayment of lease liability
 36.61 
 59.03 
Less: Payment of interest on lease liability
 465.07 
 529.97 
Less: Termination/Modification
 1231.04 
 52.92 
Closing balance 
 5,988.06 
 7,192.43 
Non-current lease liability (Refer note 19(a))
 5,505.62 
 6,697.77 
Current lease liability (Refer note 19(b))
 482.44 
 494.66 
	
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38(g)
The following are the amounts recognised in profit 
or loss:
Note
2025-26
2024-25
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets
35
 219.77 
 138.86 
Interest expense on lease liabilities
34
468.98
268.11
Expenses related to short term leases/ low value 
assets (included in other expenses)
36
20.39
9.58
Gain on Termination of ROU
29
 - 
 (2.18)
Total amount recognised in profit or loss
 709.14 
 414.37 
	
Company as lessor
The Company has entered into a cancellable operating lease with Toyo Sharda India Private Limited for a further 
period of three years starting from 01 April 2025 at such terms and conditions mutually agreed upon. Lessee 
shall not assign / sublet property to any other person. The total rent recognised as income during the year is Rs. 
116.92 lakhs (31st March 2025: Rs. 114.61 lakhs).
The Company has entered into a cancellable operating lease with NDR Auto Components Limited for a period of 
3- years extendable every three years up to a period of 9 years, starting from 16th August 2022, at such terms 
and conditions mutually agreed upon. The rent shall increase by 15% after every three years, Lessee shall not 
assign/ sublet property to any other person. The total rent recognised as income during the year is Rs. 126.00 
lakhs (31st March 2025: Rs. 115.20 lakhs).

--- PAGE 140 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
138
Future undiscounted lease payments to be received under operating lease as at 31 March as follows:
Particulars
 As at 31 March, 
2026 
 As at 31 March, 
2025 
Within 1 year
 132.48 
 126.00 
Between 1 and 2 years
 132.48 
 132.48 
Between 2 and 3 years
 144.93 
 132.48 
Between 3 and 4 years
 152.35 
 144.93 
Between 4 and 5 years
 152.35 
 152.35 
More than 5 years
 56.93 
 209.28 
Total
 771.52 
 897.52 
j.	
Dividend Paid and Proposed:	
	
(Rs. In Lakhs except as otherwise stated)
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Dividend  declared and paid during the year:
Final Dividend for the year ended 31st March, 2025
 690.80 
 502.40 
Rs. 1.10 per equity share (31st March, 2024 Rs.1.60 per equity 
share)
 690.80 
 502.40 
Proposed dividend on Equity Shares
Proposed Dividend for the year ended 31st March, 2026
 942.00 
 690.80 
Rs. 1.50 per equity share (31st March, 2025 Rs. 1.10 per equity 
share)
Total
 942.00 
 690.80 
Events after the reporting period
	
The board of directors have proposed dividend after the balance sheet date which are subject to approval by the 
shareholders at the annual general meeting.
k.	
The Company has used accounting software (SAP) for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of 
recording audit trail facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded 
in the software except the audit trail is not enabled for direct changes to database using certain access rights. 
Further no instance of audit trail feature being tampered with was noted in respect of accounting software where 
the audit trail has been enabled. Additionally, the audit trail of relevant prior years has been preserved by the 
company as per the statutory requirements for record retention, to the extent it was enabled and recorded in those 
respective years. 
l.	
During the previous year, the Company has reassessed presentation of outstanding employee salaries and wages, 
which were previously presented under ‘Trade Payables’ within ‘Current Financial Liabilities’. In line the recent 
opinion issued by the Expert Advisory Committee (EAC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) on 
the “Classification and Presentation of Accrued Wages and Salaries to Employees”, the Company has concluded 
that presenting such amounts under ‘Other Financial Liabilities’, within ‘Current Financial Liabilities’, results in 
improved presentation and better reflects the nature of these obligations. Accordingly, amounts aggregating to 
(Rs. 643.16 lakhs as at March 31, 2025), previously classified under ‘Trade Payables’, were reclassified under the 
head ‘Other Financial Liabilities’. Both line items form part of the main heading ‘Financial Liabilities’.
m.	
The amendments to the standards that are notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), but not yet effective, 
up to the date of issuance of the Company’s financial statements are disclosed below. The Company will adopt 
these amendments to the standards, when they become effective.

--- PAGE 141 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
139
(i)	
Amendments to Ind AS 1 - Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities 
with Covenants and Ind AS 10 Events after the Reporting Period Ind AS 10 has been amended to remove 
the previous treatment under which a lender’s post reporting date waiver - granted before the financial 
statements were approved for issue - of a breach of a material covenant in a long term loan arrangement that 
occurred on or before the end of the reporting period, resulting in the liability becoming payable on demand 
at the reporting date, was regarded as an adjusting event.
	 	
For annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2026, any breach of a covenant - whether material 
or immaterial - occurring on or before the reporting date will, in accordance with Ind AS 1, require the related 
liability to be classified as current, unless the lender has granted a waiver of the breach on or before the 
reporting date and has agreed not to demand repayment for at least 12 months after the reporting date as a 
consequence of the breach. Such a waiver shall be treated as an adjusting event.
	 	
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2026 retrospectively 
in accordance with Ind AS 8.
n	
As at 31 March 2026, the Company has net current liabilities amounting to Rs. 4,998.98 lakhs (31 March 2025: 
Rs. 6,599.51 lakhs). However, considering the Company’s consistent track record of generating positive cash 
flows from operations, its profit after tax of Rs. 4,223.12 lakhs (31 March 2025: Rs. 3,270.03 lakhs) and the 
availability of undrawn credit facilities, the management is confident that the Company will be able to meet its 
obligations as and when they fall due. Accordingly, these financial statements have been prepared on a going 
concern basis.	
	
	
	
	
	
o	
Other  Statutory Information
1.	
The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 
(45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder.
2.	
The Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
3.	
The Company has no transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of Companies Act, 2013.
4.	
The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. 
5.	
The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: 
a.	
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b.	
provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
6.	
The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall: 
a.	
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
b.	
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries
7.	
The Company do not have any transaction which are not recorded in the books of accounts that has been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 
(such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961)	
8.	
The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous 
year.
9.	
The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible 
assets or both during the current or previous year.
10.	
The Company do not have any charge or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with the Registrar of 
Companies beyond the statutory period.
11.	
The borrowings obtained by the Company from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the 
purposes for which such loans were was taken.
12.	
The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current 
or previous financial year.

--- PAGE 142 ---
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
140
p	
Ratio Analysis and its elements
Ratio
Numerator
Denominator
March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
% Change
Remarks
Current ratio 
(times)
Current Assets
Current 
Liabilities
 0.88 
 0.80 
9.59%
Debt- Equity 
Ratio (times)
Total Debt  
(i.e. Non-Current 
Borrowings 
+ Current 
Borrowings)
 Total Equity 
 0.48 
 0.78 
-38.54%
 Decrease is due to 
repayment of term 
loans.
Debt Service 
Coverage ratio 
(times)
Profit after Tax 
+ Finance Cost 
in profit and 
loss account + 
Depreciation and 
amortization
Finance Cost 
in profit and 
loss + Finance 
Cost Capitalised 
+ Lease and 
Principal 
Repayments 
(Long-term) 
 3.73 
 2.39 
56.17%
Due to increase in 
Profit during the 
year.
Return on 
Equity ratio
Profit after Tax 
Average Total 
Equity 
19.91%
18.10%
10.00%
Inventory 
Turnover ratio  
(Based on 
Sale)
Revenue from 
operation 
Average 
Inventory 
 33.73 
 27.08 
24.54%
Trade 
Receivable 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from 
operation
Average Trade 
Receivables 
 8.48 
 8.59 
-1.31%
Trade Payable 
Turnover Ratio
Purchase of 
Raw Material + 
Purchase of Stock-
in-Trade 
 Average Trade 
Payables 
 5.84 
 5.47 
6.78%
Net Capital 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from 
operation 
Working Capital 
(i.e. Current 
Assets - Current 
Liabilities) 
 (39.03)
 (19.53)
99.84%
Due to Increase in 
Turnover
Net Profit ratio
Profit after Tax 
Revenue from 
Operation 
2.16%
2.54%
-14.68%
Return on 
Capital 
Employed
Profit before 
Tax + Finance 
Cost  (excludes 
exceptional item)
Capital 
employed = 
Tangible net 
worth + Total 
Debts (Including 
lease liability) 
+ Deferred tax 
liability
23.87%
18.55%
28.64%
Due to repayment 
of term loans during 
the year.
	
As per our report of even date 
attached
For and on behalf of Board of Directors
For S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP
Chartered accountants
ICAI Registration No. 301003E/
E300005
ROHIT RELAN	
Chairman and Managing 
Director
DIN: 00257572	
Place : New Delhi	
Date: May 6, 2026	
RISHABH RELAN
Whole Time Director
DIN: 07726444
Place : New Delhi
Date: May 6, 2026
RAJIV ARORA
Whole Time Director and CEO
DIN: 07976398
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
per AMIT CHUGH
Partner
Membership no. 505224
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026
RITU BAKSHI	
Company Secretary	
Place : Gurugram	
Date: May 6, 2026
VINOD KUMAR
Chief Financial Officer
Place : Gurugram
Date: May 6, 2026

--- PAGE 143 ---
If undelivered please return to :
BHARAT SEATS LIMITED
JOINT VENTURE PLOT NO. 1, MARUTI COMPLEX,
GURUGRAM - 122015 (HARYANA)
Printed by: Print Media 9873000211, 011-29541681
